# SWAG CG Call Minutes - 9 September 2024

Present: Dan Appelquist, Randall T. Vasquez, Thomas Preece, Will Bamberg, Aaron Shim, Okiki Ojo

## Intros

Thomas: security architect... we have a security champions network... we do a lot of internal training, etc... a big part is giving the right info so people can code applications securely... 

## should MDN (and web.dev for that matter) consistently recommend "strict CSP" (i.e. using nonce/hash rather than allowlist)?

Will: got some interesting feedback on slack.. I've read various things that recommend strict CSP.. 1 reason: it's a lot easier (allow lists can get huge), 2nd: it's more secure (allowlists can be hard to het right)...  But MDN doesn't talk about this. Deb.dev does have a good guide... but the main CSP guide doesn't mention strict CSP...

Aaron: from google perspective..  alignment between what MDN suggests... and google focused channels... would be very much in favour. Would reduce ambiguity. 2 angles - strict CSP is better - yes - some debate - but value to aligning messaging in this space - that should be a meta goal. Other data point : for the CSP protections we use at google we use strict non-space CSPs... the allow lists don't have the level of security we require...

Okiki: what custom CSPs do you use?

Aaron: the CSPs we configure are ... avoiding allow-lists CSPs... if you go t a big google client and look at what the headers are - that is representative of what we use in production... sometimes we use allow-lists - so we can get violation reports... to see what strange domains people are including scripts for...

Okiki: I think the tooling is lacking right now... 

Aaron: the nonces are only good if you use it once... tricky thing about nonces is it needs to be back-end and front-end compatible... in a place where we don't have control of back end we use a hash-based CSPs... I can link some items in the meeting notes... We're looking at making the tooling more smooth...

Will: sounds like there might be different opinions of recommending strict? Are there people who think this isn't a good idea?

Aaron: from google pov we don't want to assume that all will take our technical arguments ... but I agree that most folks are clear on the limits of the other approach... so I hope it's not contraversial...

Will: I think the OWASP guidance is close to that as well...  The conservative thing on MDN is to not be opinionated... 

Randall: hard to give out over-arching guidance because there are a lot of legacy applications... From OWASP ideology - it would flow from the threat model.  No single rule that applies everywhere.  Think about how the complexity of the web ends up impacting your threat model.

Dan: I think that's in our wheelhouse.

Will: e.g. openwebdocs.org doesn't have a CSP... should every one has a CSP? just saying "everyone should do it" doesn't make sense.

Aaron: Always a balance of ... usually for static web sites that don't deal with user data maybe there is less at stake vs. something like gmail for instance.  I imagine there is something on OWASP that talks about this.

Randall: ASVS has something...

Okiki: from a developer perspective - I know of a number of developers being bitten by CSPs. - certain APIs like shared array buffers - in order to use those you need a CSP but you can get bitten if you're not careful.   So there's production CSPs vs developer CSPs.

Thomas: getting a CSP policy in ... production systems .. can be difficult because of all the dependencies... A massive wall  that some people come across.

Will: I understand that the strict CSPs... it's a lot easier to maintain... That seems like a big point in its favor...

Randall: right now the recommendation is to start with relaxed and then gradually move up.

Thomas: we had different CSP policies in development ... but then mismatches with production.

Aaron: we like to keep our dev mode and prod mode CSPs as close as possible - because you want them to break in dev mode ...  We're missing tooling ...

Will: next step will be to file and issue in MDN and link back to issue here... 

## federated identity

Will: I'm working on a guide explaining how to implement authentication using a federated identity system. I have some idea for what to talk about, but I'd love pointers for things we ought to cover here.

Will: I'm working on docs on authentication using different authentication mechanisms... will talk about passwords, one-time-passwords, mfa, federated identity... this relates back to the web security outline... there's not anything on MDN about this...  Want to talk about IDPs, 3rd parties, underlying technologies... Also want to walk through the practice of it... As far as I can see - a lot of this is provider specific... feels more helpful to refer to particular providers... so which provider should we talk about? google identity services... 

Dan: noting https://www.w3.org/reports/identity-web-impact/

Thomas: have you factored in the privacy concerns around external providers? E.g. using facebook ... 

Will: yep.

Okiki: a couple tools that help developers accomplish this... next auth ... [?]... a set of applications they support by default ... they use those by defaults because it's easiest to create oauth apps for those... could also connect to pre-existing tools - open source tools - ... to jump over the preferential treatment thing... https://next-auth.js.org/ https://lucia-auth.com/ https://authjs.dev/ 

Thomas: those libraries... also you tend to see oauth type proxies... and typically pass headers up to the back-end server..... Can be easier but slightly more brittle.

Dan: and fedCM?

Will: one thing about fedcm is that it helps to make things less privacy-invasive... We should talk about fedcm... the cm API documentation... we'd like to say "use fedcm" though it's only supported by chromium at the moment... we ought to say we want people to be heading to fedcm... I know browsers are positive about it and will ship...  don't know dev ecosystem view... the idea is that it pushes the mechanics into the browser... that helps with privacy presrvation...

Okiki: with regards to FedCM - why would developers want the browser to take control of the authentication process...

Dan: ...[holds forth on FedCM]

Okiki: would be wise to have docs on access control lists... etc... controling access to the applicaiton... should MDN also cover that?

Will: ideally yes but that would be a separate thing...  I also wondered if google phasing out 3rd party cookies... will have an impact on fedcm...

Thomas: I've also seen a fair few companies just run a whole instance of something like KeyCloak as their identity provider (which also has federated options)

Randall: awsome write-up on authentication... 

Okiki: how oauth works fom a spec perspective that would be pretty cool..

Randall: from a docs perspective .. I've more generally seen auth split into 2 parts - gaining access and auth and matintaining that access...

Will: also fades into session management...

## Talk for SOSS Community Day

Dan: working on [slides here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18iOsWdh_LG_gqUdSW7XfE5UOoB6_Zfi_B2XDDurPRUc/edit#slide=id.p)

## Discussion of open issues

### [Work item: come up with a set of security criteria for packages](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/1)

### [Security Features List](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/2)

### [How can we help CSP gain more adoption with Web Developers](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/3)

## AOB

### JSR

Okiki: becoming popilar with with developers... JSR has found this niche... would that be a connection worth making?  They currently follow what NPM does ... if you publish the packages on github they can track the exact build... but they might need...

