Present: DanA, Tobie, Maurice, dveditz, Jan, Simone
Regrets: Florian

New friends: Maurice from Mozilla - working on CTF (capture the flag contests) and bug bounty... working in security for Mozilla. In CTF you have a challenge like finding a bug...

*discussion of CTF*

e.g. cross-site scripting challenge...

Dan: should we think about this as a way to help developers think about security issues?

Dveditz: OWASP has an example... a server that has known flaws...

Jan: https://owasp.org/www-project-juice-shop/

Dveditz: similar to MDN... teaching people... 

Maurice: https://portswigger.net/web-security is also great


Daniel: Florian can't make it, but Will made his document (outlining potential web security docs) open for comments. Will's document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p1GtjmTd1uQrO2PRb_uUflAfQpEsfs7hBaopYeuoPMM/edit#heading=h.ck74bmw37a7r

Dan: *sets doc to open to comments*

Simone: I like the CTF approach... demonstrating ... 

Tobie: looking at will's doc... trying to understand - focusing on a dedicated part of MDN that would focus on security...  But doesn't appear to address adding comments on security within the rest of the documentation... 

Dan: not clear if this document can also be the output document from the CG... or if it's just intended for MDN.

Tobie: the info is there... the question is where to find it and how to speak in the language that the people who are implementing it can understand.  If that's true then our focus shouldn't be on writing more docs in different places - so my feeling would be "there is a de facto home for stuff for the web - that's MDN" if there's one doc that's to be written then it should be really easy to be brought there. 

Dan: Agree

Tobie: When we talk about Open Web Docs... at the secure the web forward, etc... my feeling is we identified 2 pieces missing. One is the "Web security 101" doc and the other one was "when you're in a doc about fetch (e.g.) what are the security concerns you need to think about in the context of that API" - should MDN have / should it build a commons around security. 

Dan: There is a need for that - so that security information surfaces in places where developers are looking anyway...   We could play a role in helping to develop this hit list of MDN pages that requiure security sections...

Tobie: specs that have security considerations... might be interesting - if you go into MDN and look at any random page, what comes up about security...? e.g. [`fetch` API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch) - it links to the fetch standard - there doesn't appear to be a section on security considerations there...

Tobie: *about OpenJS Foundation* there is a security group but they are looking at security practices in the foundation.  For the operational aspects... contributing and releasing projects... than for the quality of the code. e.g. 2fa management, roles and responsibilities, access rights... Also CDNs...

*discussion of need for better security considerations in the Fetch spec*

Tobie: I wrote the security [considerations section of the generic sensor API](https://www.w3.org/TR/generic-sensor/#security-and-privacy)...  as a good example... 

Simone: i think this is something that needs to be done but I think *here* we should focus on web developers, not spec developers... but yes we should use security consideration sections as a [fodder] for MDN pages' security considerations sections...

Tobie: work with bikshed and respec ...
