# SWAG CG - Mon, 29 July 2024

Present: Dan, Will, Aaron, Florian, Bjarki

Dan: We've done intros and talked about the shape of this group.
Dan: Let's focus on threat models today
Dan: Documenting the threat model, it can mean a lot of things, it is a bit of a buzz word. 
Dan: Simple language to explain what is happening to users. If a bad actor is involved, introduce it.

Bjarki introduces himself. Working on Trusted Types, web app security things

Will introduces himself: Works for Open Web Docs. Recently tried to started the project to get better security docs on MDN. Not just documenting features, but also conceptual things. 

Dan introduces himself.

Florian introduces himself: I invented compat data. Boom.

Dan: Everything is minuted and public. Please let us know when you don't want something in the minutes. https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/tree/main/meetings

Dan: Audience: web developers, but also framework authors (multplication effect).

Dan: Trusted Types or CORS are difficult to understand from a web developer's POV. 

Dan: If you don't even realize these topics are "your" problems, then how can we introduce this to web developers?

Dan: Spectre or data leakage explainers don't talk about what web developers/end users need. 

Dan: Where do we think the threats are in common web apps? E.g. in online banking, or government websites. What are the targets? Common user stories

Will: In the content content outline, I want to tie user needs and threats.

Will: Walked through the cheatsheets on OWASP and other resources and then decided what is most important, and connect that with what web developers want to do usually.

Will: connect security practices and things web developers want to do

Will: MDN is pretty good at documenting web platform features like CSP, SRI, Trusted Types et.

Will: There aren't many docs on how to do things in practise, like how to do auth.

Will: Interested in getting feedback on the doc

Will: Authentication: Do you want separate guides for each auth method for example?

Will: Content outline: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p1GtjmTd1uQrO2PRb_uUflAfQpEsfs7hBaopYeuoPMM/edit#heading=h.ck74bmw37a7r

(discussing the outline / sections)

Dan: How do you think about threats? How do you prioritize?

Aaron: Different approaches, e.g. bug bounty bugs, but also systematically trying to elimnate issues.

Bjarki: Try to have web developers not to think about security anymore. Eliminating risks at the framework or platform level. 

Bjarki: Framwork vs web developer security configurations are different.

Dan: Agree, these are different crowds. We need to address both.

Dan: Be aware of security when you select a framework.

Will: No web developers should implement their own web auth, frameworks take care of this stuff. hard to recommend good frameworks, libraries, ... MDN typically doesn't recommend particular frameworks.

Aaron: Whats the MDN policy for links to frameworks?

Will: We usually don't accept links to 3rd party to libraries etc. Seeing a lot of spam.

Dan: Criteria are sometimes measured by openSSF score scards. is it well maintained, does it have a code owners, CoC, etc. Could be one way to figure out what to point to.

Will: 1) give developers criteria to chose, 2) give actual recommendations.

Will: BCD has criteria for adding a new browser, we want something similar here

Start with criteria and then present tools.

Dan: Attacks section in the outline 

Dan: https://w3cping.github.io/privacy-threat-model/ Privacy threat model document. Some privacy threats are also security threats

Will: Maybe we should have threat model as a top level section

Florian: developers found understanding security threats to be challenging https://github.com/web-platform-dx/developer-research/blob/main/mdn-short-surveys/2023-05-15-security-dx/interpretation.md in the survey we ran.  Even when they know what is a threat, they struggle to understand it... a lot to do here in terms of documentation and education.

Dan: Let's use Will's doc for this group's efforts

(Chatter about licences MDN uses.)

## Threat Modeling

*driving awareness of threats*



### information addressed to web developers - people building web sites and web applications

#### use security as one metric by which you choose libraries / frameworks / components

#### even if you are using frameworks, key topics you need to understand


### information addressed to web framework / library / component developers 

#### Info on what criteria we look for as security guidelines for libraries and frameworks

* supply chain security - e.g. Scorecard

#### 

## Actionable Advice


