# SWAG CG Minutes - 5 Aug 2024

Present: Dan, Okiki, Randall, Aaron
Regrets: Simone

Agenda:

* Intros
  * Randal - work at ThunderStrike and NVIDIA - was at LF
  * Okiki - was at LF - maintainer of Astro 
  * Aaron - software eng at Google - adding web security to web apps at Google - looking to share info others developers..
  * Will - Tech writer at Open Web Docs - trying to write docs for developers on web  developers & fill in gaps for security documentation - mostly working in MDN but not dogmatic
* Aaron's Talk at AppSec Village at DEFCON - looking 
* (Will) (if there is time) state of web security "reality check". Which security APIs in the web are "spec fiction"? What's the actual state of things for most developers?
* Current state of Will's Document

## Aaron presents some slides he's planning to give on Web security

[...link pending...]

*XSS, etc... -- so how do you migitage against XSS using CSP? Focusing in on the different types of CSPs that can protect against XSS... Nonce-only CSP (one-time value); Hash-based CSP (hash of the script); Trusted Types (header with trusted types - blocks  strings to dom APIs) - caused DOM XSS to be blocked...; DOMPurify abstracts the complexity away from you; Then focusing on **tactics** : using frameworks, enforce early, rely on the right tools, be mindful of third party dependencies. 1. Framweworks with context-aware templating and secure-by default - e.g. Angular, Lif, Next.JS, React (trusted types compat); (2) enforce early - if you have control over back-end you can add headers there... (example with ViteJS) ... but also can be done with meta tags (hash-based policy). This can mean manual work... but can be easier with tools. github.com/google/strict-csp ... ; (3) Tools - tools that help you understand your congiguration - e.g. CSP Evaluator; tools for refactoring - to try to steer dev in right direction; e.g. eslint plugin called github.com/google/safety-web. web.dev/articles/trusted-types/#fix-violations; Safevalues library - uses typescript type system to enforce provenance; (4) Dependencies - right now difficult to evaluate what's safe / not safe ... but if you do patch these libraries, please upstream the fixes.

Future vision: Frameworks + Nonce / Hash-only CSP + NO DOM API Usage ("Perfect Types") can really reduce XSS attacks.

Dan: dependencies - we can focus on e.g. scorecard score, etc...

Will: frameworks, libraries are more volatile than web standards... a lot of tools are fashionable... so documentation can start to look out of date [when you talk about tools]... 

Okiki: Found that developers - dev experience more important that security - incredibly important aspect of the developer ecosystem... causes reistence... So if your CSP is not up to date it can cause breakage... how can we ensure tools are used ... 

Randall: Content wise good... In my exp presenting at Defcon having a narrative can be important...

Aaron: *addresses above*

(Will, for reference, MDN resources on XSS and SRI, nonce:
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Types_of_attacks#cross-site_scripting_xss
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Cross-site_scriptinghttps://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Practical_implementation_guides/SRI
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity 
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script#nonce )

Okiki: is unsafe eval a good practice?

Aaron: it is a bad practice but less bad when you have trusted types ... 

Will: on MDN... we talk about XSS.. this talks about problems that occur through to specific features (e.g. CSP, nonce, etc...)... That's what currently missing on MDN...

Dan: contributing some of these into more neutral space?

Aaron: yes or into projects that have maintenance budget...

Okiki: a number of tools in NPM registry - that only have one developer - but ...

## state of web security "reality check". Which security APIs in the web are "spec fiction"? What's the actual state of things for most developers?

Will: looking at refactoring credential management API... and got feedback that people don't use it...Would like to have more data on adoption and use of these APIs... E.g. web authentication...

Dan: could we systemetize... using e.g. BCD data?

Dan: maybe a survey of security related docs in MDN that are out of date or out of step with the current usage patterns?

Aaron: if you're looking for qnatativie data... there are use counters (?)... Can our browser vendor friends implement use counters?

Okiki: we have browser compat feature set - but we need security implications for features... "it works but you may want to check out trusted types to make it secure".. 

Will: agree - 
