# SWAG Minutes - Mon 21 October 2024

Present: Dan, Will, Estelle, Aaron, Florian

## Some Calendar Issue today

the meeting invite didn't get sent out for some reason - dan to chase

## Draft Guidelines Doc Update

https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/blob/main/docs/security_guidelines.md

Dan: *presents*

Aaron: workflow?

Dan: please open issues labeled `guidelines doc` and we can go from there...

Will: thing to think about: where is it going to point to?

Dan: openssf resources, owasp resources, openjs resources, w3c resources, mdn resources

## Draft OWD Blog Post

https://github.com/openwebdocs/owd-website/pull/132

## Feedback on "Practical security"

https://docs.google.com/document/d/15EAWciPStY6zqZ5G7GljTpCX71KJZddtQwPrlq1dwu8/edit?usp=sharing

- Chris Mills created this doc in response to some of my comments on the "Practical security implementation guides" on MDN.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Practical_implementation_guides

Will: mozill have "mozilla observatory" - it finds problems and points to solutions - that content used to live on security.mozilla.org - that has now moved to MDN. That has some relationship to security 101 and Guidelines... I've had feedback on this - also related to CSP guide. Chris put all those comments into a doc... 

## CSP guide update update

github.com/mdn/content/pull/36157

- close to merging, comments from Mozilla?

Will: guide does not mention strict CSP at all.. should we be recommending strict CSP to the exclusion of allow-list CSP... 

Aaron: do we know what the concerns are?

Will: strict CSP is just not mentioned in the existing docs, we don't know if this is by design or accident

Aaron: owasp cheat sheet was updated last year to promote strict... 

Dan: *opens [issue](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/6)* on guideline doc to reference it.

Aaron: I will take another pass on Will's PR

Will: someone said it might be a good practice to document attacks - that sounds sensible. We'll have docs on common security attacks on MDN.

## Isolated Contexts 
- see https://github.com/WICG/isolated-web-apps
- recommends a "rigorous" CSP and other things

Florian: in browser compat data - there are new APIs guarded behind "isolated context" - recommends **rigorous CSP**. I wonder if this group is aware of it...  

Dan: recommend that since these are google-only right now (and not baseline) ...

Florian: yeah but these will need to be documented anyway so ...

Aaron: we still want the info out there .. 

Florian: there might be guidelines in here about use of "scary" APIs that we could use...

Will: like cross-origin-isolation....

Florian: for old APIs - we saw that 'secure context' was retroactively applied to certain APIs... so not sure of some APIs will retroactively get "isolated context."

Will: "secure context" - it's widespread now so we don't think about it..

## Adding CSP to Web Features

- https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/pull/1959

Florian: i have a PR against Web Features on CSP... 

## Baking guidelines into developer tooling...

Aaron: how can we ... do this. I'm working on it with Angular.  This opens up a bigger philosophical question - do we want to pursue this / publicise this - so frameworks do more secure things by default.  By angular 19, the idea is that tooling will generate a hash-based CSP for you...

Dan: we could use tracking issues in our repo...

Aaron: would it be appropriate to say "web frameworks should do xxx" and here's an example of something that does it...

Dan: I think it's appropriate to point to examples but only if there is more than one example

Dan: do we need a guidelines doc for frameworks and libraries?

Will: first comment - this auto CSP thing - only protects you from client-side XSS....

Aaron: yes ...

*some discussion on this*

Will: some guidelines on "auto CSP" would be useful - what it can do and what it can't do - and this also could reference the work in Angular and other libraries... (e.g. Netlify). I'm interested in this idea of how a particular CSP fits into a particular architecture... 

Dan: *will start a skeleton*
