# SWAG CG Minutes - Mon 09 December 2024

Attendees: Dan, Simone, Lola, Aaron, Will

## New Friends

Lola: a technologist working in web standards - IE in the ARIA working group - and involved in the WebDX and Privacy community groups...

## Videos for two week's call

Simone: we have the approvals - to post the videos - we need to plan when they go to YouTube... and we need to write a blog post.

Aaron: social networking...

Simone: we'll post on mastodon... bluesky... LinkedIn...

Hopefully something to put out before the end of the year? Depends on how long the edits take, any text for blog posts, etc. Dan is willing to help with text if need be, maybe Aaron too. Christmas present to have a CSP video out!

## Security Principles for libraries

Aaron: What distinguishes our documentation from other documentation out there? Such as OWASP Top 10 or some other security guidelines documetations?

Dan: Ours should be a bit more detail. Start out with deliverables from this group-- document created by many of the parties represented at SWAG. Promote under W3C banner to be better aligned with stuff coming out of W3C like CSP. OpenSSF can help promote this documentation, maybe republish with attribution-- a "stamp of approval". Eventually adopted by Will & co in MDN, hopefully?

Aaron: How is it different from OWASP? Focus on the techniques more than the threats?

Dan: That and also *web* application developers.

Will: Do web app developers use OWASP? How do they use it? It seems inaccessible from the end developer pov. Also sometimes outdated. When working on MDN-- have to ask "what is relevant now?!"

Simone: Not a developer, but OWASP is for *security* people, not for developers. There are some parts that are for developres, but haven't heard of a single developer using it. Also Top 10 has 30 points per item, so it's more like 300 items.

Dan: Let's say what we have to say, and if it ends up duplicating someone else's work, we will resolve that when we get there. Even in the draft of the end dev doc, it's a combination of things that we don't see elsewhere-- especially "how to use technologies produced at W3C" and "how to think about supply chain" and "how to take advantage of secure software development best practices". It's the combination that's the sweet spot.

Aaron: We feel the most strongly about making the point that libraries should be CSP & TT compatible-- libraries should not stand in the way of end app developers who want to enforce these security features.

Lola: Libraries are built on top of Web APIs-- for instance, peer.js on top of WebRTC, so shouldn't the library's security concerns be the same as the API surface's? What wasn't covered in past discussions around the security of the web APIs?

Aaron: There are a lot of really insecure APIs from the past, like `.innerHTML` assignments, that features like Trusted Types tries to block.

Dan: Additional security considerations from secure software developer best practices-- like 2fa for repositories and also how easy is it to inject crypto stuff into Web3

Aaron: What are some actionables? Can write something around CSP & TT.

Dan: Can write something around secure software development best practices. Also see what OpenJS items are applicable to us-- by next week anyway.

Lola: Maybe helpful to agree on a Table of Contents before writing our sections? Lola and Will can do this-- maybe even discussing in the slack channel.

Dan: We can start adding some unordered points and then we will turn it into a developer's journey.

Simone: Contact from OWASP-- send them something about what we're doing about security at W3C?

Dan: Invite them to the next meeting?

## OpenJS folks discussion

Document in progress https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/blob/main/OpenJS_Security_Compliance_Guidelines/categories.mds:

"Telegraphic"-- not as much description, build something that can be programatically scanned for. Primary audience is OpenJS foundation projects.

Not as much distinction in the OpenJS world view between serverside and clientside JS-- node or browser. Very telegraphic. Probably a superset of the guidelines we are looking for at SWAG-- we want more text, description, and links to learn more about a particular topic. Something more readable like a document.

Maybe look at the OpenJS material as source material to align with so we aren't using different terminology.

Lola: Privacy guidelines?

Dan: We are looking for two docs, one for end developers, and another one for developers of libraries, focusing more on the frontend but meeting the needs of library maintainers. Eventually "how do you select libraries that adhere to security best practices"?

Follow-up call next week with OpenJS to talk more about the document in detail.
