# SWAG Minutes - Mon 26 August 2024

Present: Dan, Simone, Will, Florian

## Agenda

- Security criteria for software packages? 
- Status of OWD (Will's) document ...?
- TPAC

## Notes

- Strawman by Dan: https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/1
- Not all criteria are programatically retrievable
- Could feed into a list of criteria for web developers who are selecting packages

Will: I spoke to Aaron and Arthur from Google last week - Some are going to be at TPAC - maybe we could have an in-person meeting.

Dan: Breakout proposal maybe?

Will to file a TPAC breakout session proposal. Dan to add to it

Will: been writing docs about pasword based auth... most of the material comes from OWASP... but I do think there is value in having something different that is organized differently / more pragmatic... not "all or nothing" - but "these are things you have to do and these are nice-to-have"...  Deep linking ... e.g. principles for password storage ... can be a good approach.

Simone: OWASP .. for now they are referring to Application Security Verification Standard (ASVS)... but written not from developer's perspective... so not so easy to access... this is one issue we can solve.

Will: Looking at OWASP docs with a modern web developer hat on - a lot is not relevant - e.g. how to secure applications written in languages that aren't used widely on the web any more...  I'm writing docs for the 95% of people...  

Simone: in WebAppSec ... we have CSP ... OWSAP Sways test test for CSP header but difficult for developer to understand how to write a good CSP header...

Dan: need to think about cross-browser compat, e.g. when talking about trusted types...

Florian: we can list them and evaluate them across [WebDX](https://web-platform-dx.github.io/web-features-explorer/groups/) baseline... 

Dan: can we come up with a list of features relevant to security which can then be evaluated against the WebDX feature list?

Dan: creates issue https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/2

Florian: another thing from Google call - they are working with internal teams to help them adopt e.g. Trusted types - I think these stories might be interesting. "how to adopt CSP into an existing project"... 

Dan: Case studies...

Florian: yes - and if there are such case studies and they can help us write good docs... projects that are in this journey e.g. from password-auth to passkeys...

Will: I like "what is the reality"...  In MDN it talks about theory ...

Florian: also has to co with how good support is ... 

Simone: most relevant thing from WebAppSec is to solve the adoption of CSP.

Florian: so CSP is widely deployed so why isn't it widely adopted... 

Simone: for CSP there was a study in 2020 - https://publications.cispa.saarland/2986/1/roth2020csp.pdf

Dan: creates issue https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/3

Simone: we maybe need to ask developers.... one of the things from the workshop - one of the best things was understanding the results of the survey...  Maybe we need to a a separate survey on if developers are using CSP and if not why they are not using it...

