#SWAG CG Call - 22 July 2024

Present: Dan, Jan, Josh Grossman, Florian, Aaron Shim, Simone Onofri, Tobie 

## Intros

Josh: working on OWASP guidelines document - ASVS (<https://asvs.owasp.org>) 

Aaron: work on web security on google properties - looking to share some experiential knowledge from our remediations projects in adopting web security features

Florian: lead open web docs - open collective for technical writers working on MDN and other open projects.  Project issue https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/198 and content outline https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p1GtjmTd1uQrO2PRb_uUflAfQpEsfs7hBaopYeuoPMM/edit

Simone: security lead of w3c - working in webapp sec and interested in helping developers implement these specs...

Tobie: run a small consultancy - i'm the technical lead for the eclipse foundation... effort for CRA. looking at legisltative side. Also on board and CPC of OpenJS Foundation. 

Jan: was part of secure the web fwd, works on OWASP [CycloneDX](https://cyclonedx.org/)...

## Google Web Security Team

Aaron: our team has experience deploying features that webappsec has done. Developers often have trouble understanding how to go from the spec - to something that delivers a measurable benefit. Some of the efforts we have been working on - we've published some blog posts... on google security engineering blog :

https://bughunters.google.com/blog/6037890662793216/enabling-trusted-types-in-a-complex-web-application-a-case-study-of-appsheet

... details a case study of adoption of trusted types.  Less straightforward... 

... big picture: we want to publish more contact like this and have guides like this in more neutral places - possibly on MDN etc... make it easier for developers who have heard about CSP or Trusted Types - to get step by step guidelines on how to integrate. On open source tooling, we are seeing if we can make tooling to automate some of the processes, make it easier for developers - specifically something called [CSP Evaluator chrome extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/csp-evaluator/fjohamlofnakbnbfjkohkbdigoodcejf?pli=1) - this is an extension you can click around and it tells you about CSP configuration issues - presents in UI with suggestions. Another suggestion - is static analysis engine for JS and TypeScript - published as an ESLint plug-in. Gives remediation suggestions. 

... so we are interested in more documentation and any tool we can contribute to to make this more actionable.

Simone: helping developers with CSP is something important; threat model for the web platform would also be useful - for web developers & spec developers.  Could be used in w3c. For example I received a request from vibration API - needs a security review - just having a threat model that is published in one place could be useful.

Aaron: we did a bit of a doc ... [we pushed a couple of markdown files](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec/pull/639) to webappsec - this describes what the webappsec features is supposed to protect against.

https://w3c.github.io/webappsec/mitigation-guidance/

## ASVS / OWASP

Josh: one of the challenges is developers say "how do I secure an application"? no one answer. We have the OWASP top 10 - not comprehensive and not super-actionable. ASVS is a bit higher level... 

... Also we have the OWASP cheat sheets project...  (<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/index.html>)

... Also [OpenCRE](https://www.opencre.org/) - intended to act as a reference between these projects (as displayed in the [OWASP Application Security Wayfinder](https://owasp.org/projects/#owasp-projects-the-sdlc-and-the-security-wayfinder))... common weakness enumeration... could also be a useful resource.

... Important to have that high level baseline... where I can see the full picture and where I want to dive deeper. If there are any questions involving OWASP, I'm happy to help make links. OWASP is also not connected to one particular organization...  Just ask to be aware of overlaps to make sure there is linking rather than duplication...

Also wanted to mention another related initiative: <https://www.appdefensealliance.org/>

Daniel:
Important that there is linking between documents and resources
Key point is not where resources are hosted but how they are shared/publicised (@Daniel: Did I understand this correctly)
Shared terminology to avoid confusion 

... Eclipse foundation has initiatives as well...

## Discussion

Josh: Open Regulatory Compliance working group in Eclipse?

Tobie: yes.  Regulation is at a high level asking for the industry to express its best practices and standards so they can be turned into "official" standards that can be refered to by legislation. The focus is broader and it's more about supply chain than web applications... web apps mostly fall outside the scope of the CRA... and tie into NISE legislation which is for SAAS. 

Aaron: what things are floaring around.. certs, tooling and protocls in the supply chain security space... to mark dependencies as OK or not OK...  The crux of the problem is - visibility - developers will pay attention to protocls that get surfaced or tooling... 

Dan: OpenSSF has some automation around it so it does have that niche, but maybe some neutrality around pushing people in one direction

Josh: openssf has quick wins to capure certain things - but some things are non-automatable - e.g. Static analysis tools can scan for problems but they are not good for scanning for authentication problems as they are specific to the application. It's important to have the baseline.

Tobie: one question - the space is big - the question that I have is have we decided where to focus - intersection of different points of the field?  Should we be 101 for certain cases... how do we fit?  

Florian: back to the outline that will shared - i agree to link to OWASP resouces and google resources - but also with MDN we have an opportuntiy to bring education to where developers hang out already.  There is no security area on MDN itself where we can education web developers on web security.  Educating developers on MDN ... meet them where they already are.  There are people who want to learn about security - they will need some hand holding - then people who are using an API and they need a heads-up for that specific API, on how to mitigate attacks for use of that API.

Dan: We also need to prioritize on the threats we actual have, helping developers with their actual concerns, starting understanding the threats.

MDN short survey: https://github.com/web-platform-dx/developer-research/blob/main/mdn-short-surveys/2023-05-15-security-dx/interpretation.md

## Post Spectre ...

Simone: there was a discussion at webapp sec working group about the Post-Spectre Web Development https://www.w3.org/TR/post-spectre-webdev/

Dan: e.g. sharedarray buffer improvements...

Tobie: how much is developer facing?  My understanding was that developers that were succeptile were removed or mitigated and as a result this is mostly implementer concerns rather than info?

Josh: underlines - we need to figure out who to target - 

Dan: we have discussed audience as web developers - including framework developers - 

Tobie: In Alpha-Omega, that matches the JavaScript framework Web developer - if you change something on jQuery or React, the impact is massive. It might be interesting to be conscious of this. At one point (e.g.) AMP blocked people from using synchronous IO.  similar strategies...

... being specific about what and where... even in "user land" JS land in the browser.

Dan: *Our target* are **web developers** (not browser developers or specs developers) and also **web developers working on frameworks and libraries**

... action on all to read MDN docs and also the link shared by Aaron:

- https://bughunters.google.com/blog/6037890662793216/enabling-trusted-types-in-a-complex-web-application-a-case-study-of-appsheet
- https://w3c.github.io/webappsec/mitigation-guidance/
