# SWAG Minutes - Mon 25 August 2025

Present: William, Aaron, Giovanni

## Survey

Will: Ruth got back to me: "We will need to check with legal in regards to collecting email addresses for follow up interviews.

The other option is to have the short survey banner displayed but instead of a short survey show a message along the lines of 'We'd love for you to answer a few questions on ... " with a link to the larger survey."

Will: We (SWAG) still have a responsibility to collect the data in a responsible way

Prefer an interview over just an extended survey?

Can we do a test run with a friendly individual to see what sort of questions do well, etc?

Aaron: What are the questions for the interview test run?

Will: Just the existing long survey draft but in a more interactive way -- Google Form draft becomes an interview script

Aaron: Is there an expectation of compensation when we go talk to the general population? Maybe swag?

Will: MDN Short Surveys are not compensated

Aaron: But if it's a longer interview?

Giovanni:

Collect vs not collect emails: Can the email address collection be optional? Check legal problems.

MDN hosted vs not: no strong opinions

Will: Will be very hard to reach back out to people without email addresses?

Aaron: So not submitting an email is basically declining to interview. Also what are we worried about w.r.t. who is being exposed to legal risk by collecting email addresses?

Will: Probably the W3C CG

Aaron: Let's ping Simone to ask about whether there is legal risk for W3C if we as a CG start collecting email addresses for interview.

Will: Can commit to working on the test run script and finding a subject, we will wait to see what Simone says about legal x W3C CG.

## DEFCON

Giovanni: How was the workshop?

Aaron: It was good to bring together the attack & defense sides-- feedback along lines of: people have developed webapps but not actually popped one in practice, and also, for those primarly on the attacking side, going through the exercise of deep-diving into a codebase, etc, is novel and forces a holistic thinking of the entire development process.

Will try to clean up repo & slides and have them point from our CG repo as well.

## Firefox x setHtml x TT

Will: We are coordinating all of the documentation between the different browser vendors as TT / setHtml is landing in Firefox.

It looks like there isn't great interaction between TT and setHTML

Aaron: Let's invite some of my colleagues who've been thinking about this for a next call.

## SWAG for AI

Aaron: When we conceived this group-- we thought about guidelines and documentation for *human* developers to write secure code. Now, looking back a couple years later, we see that AI systems are writing a lot of web frontend code-- and possibly a dispropotionate amount (compared to other coding domains, perhaps, because of Canvas buttons, etc). How we should be thinking about extending the scope of our work to not only influence the mindshare of human developers but also so that human+AI generated code is just as safe? We see that dumping a lot of documentation/examples in the context does show a lot of promise in getting out higher-quality code output?

Giovanni: The prompts are important-- "write me a login page" vs "write me a login page, but also thinking about security" -- do prompts make results that are secure by default?

Aaron: Does this mean we should also call out how to prompt responsibly in our human developer facing guidelines?

Giovanni: Secure-by-design principles in the prompt.

Aaron: Do you want to take a crack at making a PR with these guidelines somewhere in our repo?

Giovanni: Security prompts for sale in the industry

Aaron: Is MDN thinking/talking about making docs more ingestible by AI systems? Like one giant markdown doc that concatenates all the pages?

Will: Probably?

Will: If you generate the code, do we expect people to always review the code for security guarntees? Is it reasonable to ask for this? Or do we just secure the prompting side and hope for the best?

Giovanni: We have to use both of them-- ask for secure code to be generated but also always do SAST testing, etc

Will: Would you trust your agent to write your CSP for you or do you want to go through and inspect it to make sure it's ok?

Aaron: Cynical take is that some code will still be pushed without being read by humans because a lot of products are pushing vibecoding as a user flow-- also, whether enough people feel empowered with expertise to push back against convincing chatbots

Will: Maybe something like the HTTPS visual inticator in the browser to show users how secure a site is with CSP/TT?

Aaron: We've thought about this before, but maybe threat landscape change with the AI-generated code is a good narrative push for why we should reconsider this?

Will: Also need enough adoption that missing CSP/TT is a rare enough occurence to show in the browser