# SWAG CG Minutes - 5 May 2025

Present: Martina, Simone, Dan, William

## CRA

https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/23

Dan: We need to come up with some guidance for web developers about the relaveance of the CRA...

Simone: if we have a standard and the standard is used to create open source software - in theory we should fix standard if it allows for vulnerabilities.... 

Dan: do we need a new document?

Simone: maybe 2- something that extracts from the law and maybe a toolkit for open source developers... if I'm an open source developer... guidance or documents... e.g. publishing a policy on your website... or knowing what to do if you receive a security vulnerability report.

Martina: "am I effected by the CRA" would be very useful...

ACTION: Dan to start a stub document...

## New Friends

Martina: I'm a web developer for 20+ years .. last 6-7 years I'm working more on security... working for an identity provider. Want to give more back to the community... would like to help with documentation... Have been reviewing...

... documentation is lacking on trusted types and CSP ... Currently writing a book...

## fetch metadata request headers?

https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/13

Will: I have a PR in review in MDN and one of the topics is about this... happy to have a go at this guideline.  The doc I have is about attacks and this is presented as one defence.

ACTION: Will to have a go on this.

## Relationship with Package Managers 

e.g. https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/11

Aaron: this group... should focus on the developer experience... it's hard to get the pipeline working...

Dan: there is an OpenSSF document about this right now ... can try to find it.

Aaron: "prefer to use packages that have attestation and if you're a publisher try to use these attestations"

Dan: SLSA may not be available to individual developers... 

Aaron: Maybe we should be advocating for better DX around these tools...

ACTION: Aaron to start a PR on this....

## Obsolete Browsers https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/20

Aaron: we do have it easier on the industry side "for best experience using this version of the browser" but the messaging is more delicate when coming from W3C...

Dan: relationship to web baseline here - mapping it to baseline features rather than browsing versions...

... discussion of 

Will: baseline is about features... whereas this is about vulnerabilities ... vulnerabilities won't show up in baseline...

https://www.w3.org/2001/tag/doc/evergreen-web/
