# W3C SWAG Minutes - Mon, 16 June 2025

Present: Dan, Simone, Martina, Giovanni Cerrato, Will, Aaron

## New Friends

Giovanni

## The Survey

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K2ofj5JgCDgIg5-xZTFMwYXms7KXoiid-e0QucUeGyc/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.qc58da4eu3mq

Will: the idea is to understand what security features people are using and also why ... want to look at the web almanac security chapter ... tells you lots, but doesn't give motivations. We want to know how many uses about fetch metadata and how many use it... why they're not using it if they're not using ... from a technical writing pov want to see what we need to better explain...  A starting point of SWAG was a survey - people said they found it hard to deal with security - but we don't know what they find hard and how they find it hard...  2 main sections to the survey - one about attacks and one about features...   if we wanted to simplify we could just ask about features...  does it make sense to have both?

Dan: I think both is fine ...

Simone: I think both ... +1 ... also ... we can explain threats, features and mitigations... 

Martina: we could say "do you defend about XSS" .. we could have the link from the features to the attack... 

Dan: could be a way to help inform the community...

Will: suggesting still separate sections ... or

Martina: talking about features in the context of attacks...

Martina: So they come to learn "ah I didn't know I could use trusted types to protect against XSS"...

Will: one challenge ... a lot of features address multiple attacks - 

Martina: it's true... but also informing what kind of features could be used ...

Will: another thing... attacks a bit more abstract .. but features are more concrete... 

Dan: suggests keeping structure but back-linking from features to threats.. 

Dan: free text?

Will: Yes I think so... 

*agreement to use free text as long as we have multiple choice as well*

Simone: free text should be optional. Also we should add "click jacking"...

Will: +1.

Martina: if they look at XSS ... then later they will be asked about features... 

*discussion on how much we should repeat in the survey*

Simone: do developers .. need new new security features? what are we missing? Some feedback from web developers can help.  

Aaron: going back to CSP and tursted types example...  do we show / hide based on responses?

Dan: Suggest we keep things flat.

Aaron: +1 - also to Simone's point... suggestions for new features... a lot of folks show up in WebAppSec wg... but I want to +1 to think about this more generally... to collect developer feedback... a complementary set of information.

Dan: suggest 2 weeks to put it into survey form...

Will: I will also bring it up at the docs CG... 

## https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1AZsyHLiNhE2PoTbqSjpnzxcsA4DQ-rl1MetRWI8lS_E/edit?slide=id.g3682ac41ad4_0_70#slide=id.g3682ac41ad4_0_70

## Threat Modeling

Simone: in the index.md there is the thread model for the web platform... the original idea was to provide this to web api developers... so they have an idea of all the threats ... it can also be used for web developers...  Also I am working on digital credentials API... can be useful as a checklist... we cna provide something as a checklist... for web app developers, for web browser API developers...

Simone: when groups start doing the S&P questionnaire it's a bit too late... So we can give them a brief guide.

## Regulatory

https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/pull/25 <-- seeking feedback

## Trusted Types API

Will: (just a point of information) https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/37952 - Hamish is adding trusted types to the reference docs for injection sinks
