# W3C SWAG Minutes

Present: Dan, Lola, Will, Simone

## cross-site leaks

Will: looking at cross-site leaks (https://xsleaks.dev/, https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/XS_Leaks_Cheat_Sheet.html) ...  How we can frame the documentation...

Will: there's a wiki that seems to be sort of maintained... OWASP cheat sheet... Umbrella term for different kinds of attacks that exploit the way the web platform leaks info from one site to another site... E.g. access to a window reference to a target site ... there's a property called length which is exposed across origin ... length will tell you how many frames the target site has which can tell you whether a user is logged in or not... A lot of them are privacy-ajacent... The most basic versions of these attacks have been foiled but there are still some ways you can exploit this... some of them you need a browser to fix the problem...

Dan: how can developers protect?

Will: several different practices that can help against a lot of them - e.g. samesite lax. One cross-site leak - in the attacker's web site you try to load a subresource from a target web site... it can probe whether a page exists or not... if that reqeusst includes cookies you could potentially derrive the userid...  Suggesting summarizing : here are some common cross-site-attacks and here are some common stratgies... Another one is fetch metadata. 

Lola: I agree - providing specific examples in detail is outside the remit... But could you link to other docs that have specific examples... 

Will: the wiki is probably the best source.. the OWASP document doesn't list all of them.

Dan: slightly worried about linking off to an unmaintained wiki...

Will: it has activity... and was written by sensible people... but it's a good question...

Simone: for this point - taking a note. I'm going to ask OWASP.  Or we could make it a joint work...

Will: also questions on relationship between cross-site leaks and spectre/meltdown... unclear. Should it be in the same area or separate? Spectre/meltdown is a timing attack.. just gives you a way to make timing attacks more effective. 

Dan: I think it shold be in the same section... since that grounds it in what the actual risk is rather than the mechanism...

Will: in the context of spectre/meltdown... with high res timers... shared array buffer. now you can use those APIs if you do cross-origin isolation... Then you get access to those APIs. But if you don't do anything is spectre/meltdown still a problem?

Dan: I don't think so...

Will: I think we can write something... 

## Threat Model

Simone: I started on the threat model... We have some people on social networks... who are thinking of this... 

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ppaz_EnhzHqPOz5UusRJvbSunh-RXPWgJ3Np_TM2EE0/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.d3ody38gbyod

... our problem in mediating... I will meet Martin Thomson ... 

Dan: action on us to review and give feedback...

## Digital Credentials

*discussion of digital credentials work in fed id working group*

Dan: there is potentially a TAG finding coming your way...

Simione: have discussed QR codes on the web... Another point, using custom schemes...  In my opinion, cutsom schemes are worse... 

Dan: we [in TAG] discussed limits on the browser API to disable some key "dystopian" scenarios that would be damaging to society...

Simone: we have discussed the idea of rate limiting... Also people should not use govt credentials for log in...  

Dan: +1

Simone: different credentials with different privacy requirements... expose temetry to the browser to allow the browser to mediate... In my idea the browser should tel the user "you're using the driving license issued by xxx" ... a credential that is not prviacy preserving...



