# SWAG Minutes - Mon 4 August 2025

Present: Will, Giovanni, Aaron, Dan

## Survey

Aaron: I talked to Kadir... 

Will: *presents draft survey as put into Google Forms* ... last question is "do you want to participate in an inerview"...

... get a range of responses... different parts of the industry have different understandings... 

... I made up some "demographics" questions ... This feels like a user research kind of thing.  We have an assumption that there are different specialities that have different understandings of web security... We don't just want security specialists ... A lot of these are pretty general... Something about what sorts of role you do... generic job descriptions... also do you delegate or are responsible. Super open to feedback.

... then the top level questions... 

... simplified the survey to the top level questions ... and then the detail is what we can ask in the interview. 

Aaron: if it is helpful, I can ask the angular devrel contacts ... on previous experience of the role / profile data... insights ... on other leading questions... 

... I also chatted with Kadir... I asked for more clarification... their hesitation is that the interviews are supposed to refine the multiple choice options... the verified way was to to ask more targeted interviews and then use the survey to verify...

... but how confident are we with the multiple choice options we have for many of these?

... I think we've done a pretty good job at guessing ... just from our intuition. I'm personally having some confidence.  

... My concern is that if we schedule a bunch of indepth interviews it might end up stretching the timeline... Personally I think doing this with google forms means this is an OK first pass... and we cna defend it as a pre-screener to determine good individuals to do an interview with... Then we could do something through MDN survey based on that info.

Dan: I agree - I'd like to launch the survey by next week after refining the demographics info...

Aaron: yes - and we should be clear that we want to do this to refine the screening process for our interviews... Depending on what we get back we do a more extensive survey .. / MDN survey

Giovanni: would it be useful to add ... "can you share a contacts to pass the survey to"...  Can you suggest others to send this form to (optional)... Also - related to how we want to analyze the results... manually or automated?

Will: I was going to worry about that when we have results...  Manually unless we have a lot.

Will: is your proposal to make this survey the full thing - not just the first questions?

Aaron: I wonder how many screens people are willing to sit through... We could ask people to answer optional questions.... 

*debate ensues*

*we agree to add "do you have more detail you'd like to share" for each line-item but leave out the detailed pick-lists*

## Defcon

Aaron: I'm going to be at Defcon - doing a workshop on safer coding while building web applications... I was going to ask ... is there a plug for this group or for answering the survey... 
