# SWAG Minutes Doc - Mon 12 May 2025

Present: Dan, Aaron, Simone

## Notes from discussion...

### Tools 

Have some conversations in OpenSSF about contributing some of the open source tools. Even if the tools aren't contributed, could we point to them or help promote them more from SWAG or from OpenSSF?

### Package Managers

* What can NPM do for additional feature work - especially UX - for security mechanisms? 
* Dan to find more out about OpenSSF packaging work streamâ€¦

### Dev Rel

* What can we be doing additionally 
* What channels can we use in W3C or OpenSSF to help promote our work

### Ideal survey time line

Survey this summer, integrate output into documents this fall...

### General time line 

Try to be "wrapping up" by end of year - that is, having the documents in good condition and either moving the group to maintenance mode or closing the group and moving the ongoing maintenance to the Documentation group? (Let's discuss in the call.)

Having a session in Kobe where we talk about the journey.

### Ideas for improving the pipeline for getting new people engaged in SWAG

* Doing more social media out reach from W3C and OpenSSF?
* Post on the google security engineering blog?
* Put something on the Samsung web dev blog?


## Discussion on "end state"

Dam: outlines the potential timeline (drafts by June, then bring in feedback from survey and elsewhere, then work on 2nd draft to present at Kobe...)

Aaron: Working on: "the problem spaces in web security where we have good solutions "

## Discussion on current state

Will: In the guidelines doc I think most of the security features are done.. but the security practices side needs to be updated and expanded.

Dan: that sounds sensible.

Dan: For Libraries we need feedback from library and framework developers - e.g. we could outreach to OpenJS and other places.

Aaron: Agre e- question is do we need more items or do we need more info in each section... Do we see this as a superset?

Dan: i agree  - it's additional stuff that we didn't cover in the main document..  or we could have additional info on some of the same topics and then reference ...

Will: it's always a question... how much to copy vs refer to other things... Can we give an example of a practice that library developer would follow that a web dev wouldn't care about?

Aaron: e.g. an attestation in their secure build...  Maybe we should make this like an "extention pack"...

Aaron: when we have a library CSP .. it's trying to make your app compatible with 1000 other CSPs out there.. a slightly harder take on the problem.... 

Dan: Also there are other documentation ... 

*discussion on whetehr we recommend web developers to have a security.md file - the consensus is that it's a slightly different take since libraries / frameworks are by default open source and 3rd party developers depend on them.*

*ACTION: Dan to reach out to OpenJS and OpenSSF to review our libraries guidelines and suggest addition wording*

*ACTION: Aaron and Dan to focus on the libraries guidelunes.*

*Will to focus on general web develper guidelines*

## Discussion of Packaging Ecosystems

Aaron: support for features... how to make recommendations actionable... so for NPM how can we encourage them to make the product align with the recommendations...

## Survey

Dan: How can we jumpstart?

Aaron: can we take a cue from other surveys...

Dan: build on the survey from the workshop... https://github.com/web-platform-dx/developer-research/blob/main/mdn-short-surveys/2023-05-15-security-dx/interpretation.md

Will: what I would love to see - how many people using each feature "e.g. fetch metadata"... if they're not using it why not?  On the back of the work we've done...

Simone: 

Dan: suggests starting with a re-run of the survey we did last time - but then adding some additional questions as will suggests - specific use of security features...

Will: and ask them "would you be willing to participate in an interview about this?"

**ACTION: Simone to talk to Dom**

**ACTION: Will to generate a list of web features to add to the survey**

Dan: by next week let's see if we can get a time line for running this....

Will: also there's the web almanac ... it's good, but it won't tell you about motivation https://almanac.httparchive.org/en/2024/security
