# SWAG CG Minutes - Mon 7 April 2025

Present: Dan, Aaron, Will

## [MDN guide to XS-leaks](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/38977)

Dan: *has left some comments*

Need more on why these attacks are a problem and what the risks are.

Will: what these attacks to... I can find out if you're logged into a site, but can't get access to the content of the iFrame.  

Dan: ... actual risks that follow from that ...

Will: privacy type things .. people that have accounts on sites that they wouldn't want other people to know about... browser history, search history. It's a privacy risk that could turn into a physical risk.. like extortion. But not content. 

Dan: ... can cause physical harm to people as well...

Aaron: what is the boundary between privacy & security. If you're thinking about injection attacks. What is a goal - stealing information. Another example: if gmail gets hacked by a state level actor, used by dissidents... they might die.

Will: a privacy violation is - the mere fact of you knowing it is a violation. If you just know my credit card # then that's a privacy attack.. if you can use it to take my money ... then it's a security attack.

Dan: might want to root in the privacy principles https://www.w3.org/TR/privacy-principles/ if you're talking about the privacy / security bondary.

Aaron: we're called "secure" web apps wg but we shouldn't shy away from privacy related advice.

Dan: totally agree with that.

Will: would prefer to focus on specifics... 

Dan: agree.

Dan: so what that comes out of this can be put in our guidelines?

Will: we could focus on the defences... we look at the defences listed here... e.g. frame protections... fetch metadata, cross-origin opener policy (COOP)... we should file an issue... Another thing that comes out is repition... frame protection... for example...

## Logistics

Dan: My talk to OpenSSF day NA (June 2025) is accepted. Also I'll be out next week.

## Survey

Will: It would be good to have a more detailed survey of web developers... whether web developers in general take measures against cross site links, csrf, etc... it would be interesting to find that out. Do they protect themselves, do they think they're vulnerable, do they think they understand them, where do they get their information from, what frameworks do they use, [what tools are they usuing]etc...?

Dan: yes sounds good...  Can we start an issue and start documenting it there?

Will: will start in a google doc... and we can work on it in there. Need to talk to someone about survey design... 

*we agree to pursue a survey... Will to start a google doc to start the ball rolling.*
