# SWAG Minutes - Mon 24 November 2025

Present: Dan, Will, Simone, Simeon

## Check in on the survey

-> https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1-8DvgiB3AqrFU7tqe0GCoQsh6lfdOHHnUldOzMrtmeQ/edit?pli=1&pli=1&pli=1

How many responses? 56 so far. Might be tilted towards experts... Due to the ways it has been promoted so far.  According to our survey 44% use fetch metadata. 78% use CSP.  We could compare with web almanac numbers...

What about general promotion on MDN? That could help to get it out to a wider audience. We could get more "normal" web developers that way. Maybe action for Florian.

Simone: we can help with a blog post and additional promotion on developers outreach ... I will share a draft blog post.  Also a LinkedIn post but my contact is more security people.

Will: we can ask Estelle as well.

## Any feedback from TPAC breakouts?

Will: from SWAG session... people asked "how can we help?" and we said "join SWAG". But some people might not want to join but might have specific expertise... We could have experts on call...

Dan: agree

Will: we have certain experts who know a lot about fed identity... and we can ask for help. If they are in the #swag-cg channel on Slack. 

Dan: we can spam the people who signed up for the SWAG session... 

ACTION: will to come up with some text we can use to reach out...

## Authentication docs update

-> OTP is merged: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Authentication/OTP
-> Federated identity is in review: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41779

Will: Martina will review... I'm keen to merge this this month... It's an OWD goal.  

## OpenJS / Alpha-Omega and supply chain attacks article

Will: I got a ping from Raphael ... from OpenJS ... https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41034#issuecomment-3562942988
