# SWAG Minutes - Mon 28 July 2025

Present: Dan, Will, Giovanni, Simone, Florian, Aaron

## Survey

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K2ofj5JgCDgIg5-xZTFMwYXms7KXoiid-e0QucUeGyc/edit?pli=1&tab=t.0#heading=h.qc58da4eu3mq

Dan: [recaps WebDX calls and feedback particularly from Kadir]

Aaron: would the info coming out of web almanac be easy to query?

Will: not sure .. have read it ... what's in it and what it can tell us . but haven't looked at the data...

Will: ... running this as interviews is a good idea. From my PoV is that we're looking for expertise & advice on user research... We know what we want to ask but we don't know how to find it out. I'm open to professional advice... If Kadir has that advice... great. How many subjects do we think we would need?  You don't need to talk to that many people... If you select the right people you don't need to do it a lot... It's a technical user research question. Given we've taken some time on this anyway, it's better to make it useful. What we want is expertise.

Florian: You don't need that many people - 5 or so is what Kadir said in WebDX call... Another thing... MDN short survey are intended to be 1 minute or 2.... But this is longer form. What they are also running right now is the "state of xx" survey... E.g HTML... which has chapter on components. I thought of "state of security". that would allow for a more complex survey. I don't know how much it would cost to work with them to do this ... or if there is a project to "run your own state of x" survey... Seems like for a quantative survey... feels more like a state of thing.

Will: that's promising...

Florian: we could run a long-form survey with another vehicle... but by using the MDN banner,, you get the audience we are after... we want developers. With the state of X surveys it's also the same target.

Dan: State of security sounds big an might be a recipe for not doing anythign soon. Could we run this survery on a freem platform, and do 5 interviews, and pursue State of as a longer-term objective?

for current survey Do we focus on dev interviews / or do the survey as is or both?

Aaron: I'm a big fan of running multiple survey like things... I do think we should do

Dan: I suggest running the survey as is .. using e.g. google forms - and then doing some inetrviews but we need to find the people to interview. 

Will: we need to figure out what kind of people they are when we select them ... we could have a final question saying "are you willing be contacted for an inperson discussion..."

Florian, use https://gamedevjs.com/survey/2024/ as inspiration?

Florian: it might help if we could articulate who wew want to talk to. e.g. "average developer at an agegy, someone at a large corporation who's authoring frameworks, etc..."

Aaron: was there a question in the survey that asks this?

Will: not currenty but there should be.

Dan: we should still get feedback for Kadir/WebDX. If someone can contact him this week that woud be great, otherwise Dan will next week.

Aaron: What do we want to ask Kadir? It's in the Webdx call minutes from last week: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ree75ImLZjf60lTZ3BhCaLHygxgywr7SBXp-q0xPs8A/edit?tab=t.bcoiyznc5p1o#heading=h.yf88sa4b99px

Will will work on drafting "profile" questions this week.


