# SWAG Minutes - Mon 1 December 2025

Present: Dan, Giovanni, Florian, William

## Survey Status

- 65 responses, Estelle will publicise it tomorrow.

Dan: Any feedback from MDN folks?

Will: nothing since last week...

Florian: they made a mastodon post... but ...

Will: yeah but we were looking for any other way they can publicise it...

Florian: will ask...

Will: if they can put the link somewhere...

*brainstorm of other communities we're a part of*

Florian: it helps to leave our typical security-minded community and find out what communities we're in touch with.

Dan: I can contact london web standards... 

Will: *In our survey, 78% of people set a CSP. [In the web almanac for 2024, the figure was 19%](https://almanac.httparchive.org/en/2024/security#content-security-policy). Which makes me think that the survey respondents skew towards "expert".*

Will: one thing I didn't know... that web almanac only scans home pages... which gives it a skewed reading... 

## Fed ID PR

Will: I merged https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41779 - it has had some review... but could still use more, and if we get additional feedback we can merge it...

## Passkeys

Will: next thing is Passkeys in December... Will be contacting Apple for that... 

Dan: can we get Apple to join us here?

Florian: I sent them the link.  We could also show up there... 

Dan: can we put it in a future agenda? 

Florian: *suggests 2 weeks*

Dan: let's do it ont he 15th...

Will: there is also this passkeys adoption CG... 

Florian: they haven't had a call yet... 

Dan: I can put something on SwAG CG.. Highlighting that we will talk about it on the 15h.

## OpenJS Feedback

Will: OpenJS people have expressed interest on the supply chain attacks article but haven't had feedback yet.

https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41034#issuecomment-3562942988

Dan: *recalls doing some coordination with OpenJS*

Dan: maybe circle back to Chris de Almeida ?

## Threat Modeling

Florian: I liked the doc that Simone and Joe has worked on ... Will & I Should review and feedback and maybe also steal some of it for web developers. https://github.com/w3c/tpac2025-breakouts/issues/64

## Reorg on MDN Security content 

Discussion: https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/857

Will: I merged a couple of things on MDN on security... Also going to re-write the TLS guide... Have a draft PR for that.
