# SWAG Call - Mon 3 November 2025

Present: Dan, Florian, Giovanni, Aaron

## TPAC

Florian and Dan will be there and for next 3 weeks.

Definitely cancel Monday the 10th and Monday the 17th.

What are the sessions we want to have on our radar?

SWAG session - https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/ca0be7c4-0d4a-4d67-b815-05accd660bec/

One of the calls to action should be: take the survey

SWAG will meet and we will also talk about OWD funded work on security guidelines.

Threat modeling session

Payment authentication the web

Session on authentication

"new approach to solving client-side security" - ignoring CSP... https://cryptpad.w3ctag.org/code/#/3/code/edit/88b1b418a59292b855f2cc643d1fba8a/

## Survey

Mozilla MDN team have given OK - 

We need wording to launch it - and some other blogs...

Still waiting for Simone to come back with feedback from W3C marketing team...

Dan to work with OpenSSF folks

URL for the survey: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScbKJL2Q8XABAHVystmqGU2lQoE0tAJSL_dwhvwPwBcJ-M4fQ/viewform?pli=1&pli=1

## PR on Passwords - https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41594

Florian: We discussed last time.. no new feedback. I agree to merge this. Simone also mentioned this PR... but noone has commented... So go ahead and merge.

*brief discussion on whether to make additional caveats about phishing resistence*

*we agree to merge as is and then we can always suggest additional wording if necessary*


## PR on Federated ID on MDN https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41779

Will: looking for feedback … I want to have a section on identity providers... "you need to choose an idp"... e.g. "sign in with google"... You don't need to do all "this stuff" depending on what idp... So I want to have a part of the doc that talks about specific IDPs...  I'd like to get feedback in the PR on this...

Dan: are there buckets we can put them in ... that make it not so much picking specific providers...

Will: the real advice is: you got to go read their docs... e.g. the "sign in with google page" and there will be a google-specific library to deal with token validation...

Florian: also with TOTP article ...  There are online tools... you can give them your seed and they calculate it... but I wouldn't just trust a random web site... so gave the recommendation "don't do that" ... maybe look at OSS well-used, trustworthy, projects... But how do you judge these apps to say which communities are trustworthy... Yoou don't want to just pick big monopolies... or big tech.

Will: there's also a network effect ... for google, many people have a google account...  I will also talk about lock-in... 

Florian: some tables compare TOTP apps... 

Will: one nice thing about OpenID - they have "certified OpenID providers"... 

*need additional feedback on this PR*

Dan: maybe look at OSS providers.. geographically disparate... also governments use cases...

Auth0... also should discuss...

## PR on Auth such as TOTP on MDN https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41748

Florian: drawn a comparison between email, sms and totp... said totp is the best of the three... talked about how sms is insecure... talked about this message format agreed for sms - standard formats for one-time-codes... Very briefly mentioned WebOTP API... Then focused on TOTP flows... and explained the protocol and how these authenticator apps work... At end of article, I have recommendations... 

Dan: Passkeys?

Florian: I've presneted totp as something for when you need additional auth... That's when you often seen one-time-passwords... At the end of the article I said for general auth maybe not such a good idea. OTP good for confriming intent... shouldn't be the only thing you use for a general user session.



