# SWAG Minutes - Mon 20 October 2025

Present: Florian, Dan, Will

## Prototype Polutuion Article & SWAG Guideline 

Florian: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/Prototype_pollution

Florian: https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/pull/34 - might need some editing down... as a conversation starter.

Dan: Be high-level and then link off. Should be usable in itself, describes PP briefly and then talking about some mitigations. Focus on what to do and not what it is.

Florian: focusing in what to do is what I've tried to do... so would love for someone to help...  Maybe abstract away some of the specific strategies... and then link off to he MD article.

Dan: linking off to...

Florian: MDN, OWASP, and a few other resources.

Aaron: Like CSP adoptability... Should we also have better tooling.

Florian: very comparable to CSP... turning on additional hardening might make your application fall apart... so people are a bit lost.

Dan: maybe aim for the 80% of developers?

Florian: ... there's a fall-out from things nt working... We could come up with a guide... how to work out the fallout from things not working. Could write a guide on that.

Aaron: E.g. with CSP ... it's easy to write an app... acknowledging these two different cases...

Aaron: I'm happy to help with the content... 

**ACTION**: Dan & Aaron to leave comments.

Will: a lot of these practices... many people don't follow... e.g. 

Aaron: If a rule exists then people could dump it into their static analysis pipeline... 

Florian: these are recommendations... I've also mentioned that there are some functions that are more critical... e.g. for sensitive environments...

Dan: e.g. is your app dealing with sensitive info...

Florian: also no order... or priority... the guideline document doesn't help you with that. Should we do something about that?

Will: Are these things everyone should do ...?  Some of them are - e.g. https - or other mitigations - I do think it's important to contextualize...

Aaron: the balance is ... how much code do you need to write ... hard questions... 

Dan: is the level of complexity that you're adding warrented ... according to the risk.

Florian: we're trying to show "what can happen" - that might be where threat modeling as well.

Will: observatory docs... There is like Impact and Difficulty 

Dan: opens issue https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/36

... Discussion on guidelines for web developers vs. guidelines for framework developers

## Survey

Dan: are we ready to launch the survey... 

Will: Will review Dan's changes ... 

## IDOR

https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/pull/33

Florian: also added the recommendation to the guidelines doc....

Dan: Action is to try to get something mergable by next week...

## Authentication

Will: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41594 and https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41536 

This could use our review....

Dan: what can we import into our doc?

Will: we don't have authentication stuff in our doc... there is cross-over to attacks e.g. phishing... there are also attacks like credentials sniffing... kind of looking as authentication as its own realm...  Maybe we should have a special authentication guidelines... doc. I think it would be weird to add 20 guidelines into a SWAG doc...

Florian: this would support the point of... having stand-alone recommendations... 

Dan: i think we should have *something* in the doc anout auth...

Will: Authentication is a use cases.. unlike CSP... I want to sign people in .. how do I do it? 

Dan: we can come back to this point after the PRs on MDN are merged...
