
# SWAG Minutes - Mon 8 December 2025

Present: Florian, Will, Aaron

## Survey Status

Will: 86 responses.

Will: Post on W3C Slack was useful

Will: We should ask Estelle again about promoting it.

Will: No one signed up for interviews yet.

Aaron: The distribution is mostly security folks?

Will: Yeah, looking at CSP adoption, our percentage is like 75% which is quite different to the web almanac.

Aaron: Promote it through non-security channels. Will try angular devs

Will: Yeah, we should try MDN as well again.

## Federated identity

Article published on MDN:

https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs/115684483572121648

## Passkeys

Will: outline: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1miZbXVjs070J2HH0rsDxqPnUaqNtPP51Uo8d4FU6PTk/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.x8grmoyxhkr

Will: We want to talk about migration here. Our advice will be to use passkeys, so what will be the path to passkeys?
Will: If users still have passwords, they are still vulnerable
Will: How do we encourage users to make the switch?
Will: Conditional mediation is a thing here. How to integrate the passkeys UI into a website that also does passwords. Need to document this process

Will: Questions! What happens when you lose your passkeys? Assuming it falls back to email? Seems like a weak point.

Florian: Next Monday we will invite some WebAuthN to this call who can hopefully help with some of these question

Will: I have something to review by the end of the week.

Florian: Lets check with Dan on how invites are going.

## React2Shell

- Florian: Seems like this is basically prototype pollution?!
- Florian: Some articles now reference our explanation for prototype pollution when talking about react2shell! :tada:
- Aaron: Another angle here is web platform APIs and JavaScript runtimes on the server side. Some of the issues we discussed here need to be recognized in those communities.

## Supply chain attacks OpenJS

- Will: OpenJS filed a PR to link to their material and we merged it.
