# SWAG CG Minutes - Mon 14 April 2025

Present: Simone, Will

## Survey

- very draft document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K2ofj5JgCDgIg5-xZTFMwYXms7KXoiid-e0QucUeGyc/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.tw1uogg9w4to - needs work, but to give an idea of the kind of questions we want answers to.

- Simone has a contact who's a web developer at the UN and might be amenable to an interview. Once we have better questions let's ask them.

- Florian has started talking to Kadir about logistics of how to find participants and how to run a user interview. Florian will schedule a call about it.

## AOB

Since there were just the two of us in the meeting, we can take up any other issues in the Slack channel.
