# SWAG Call 15 September 2025

Present: Dan, Florian, Giovanni, Will, Aaron

## Survey

OWD will be putting work on this ...

Open issue: we are waiting ot hear back from W3C on the legalities.

No update from Mozilla thus-far.  They are running a survey in social media.  We hope to learn from their results - on just using social channels.

Dan: I think we should run with this survey... 

Florian: yes, and... we should dry-run the survey with test subjects... 

Will: the "why" questions are the most valuable... we do have some of that in the script for the why questions... if we do get people it's important... to get the "why"... 

Plan of record: we have the google form that has the short version of the survey - we promote that on existing social media channels, we collect responses on that basis - collect people who want to be interview subjects for that and then we conduct the interviews... 

Dan: As long as we a re clear in the survey that the colleciton of PII is optional and that purpose is limited to contacting people for the interview.

Will to complete and Dan to work with W3C staff to get this double-checked.

## PR 29 on Policy document

https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/pull/29

## Documenting Web Security Attacks

### Supply Chain attacks

https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41034

Will: we would like some review from experts.

Dan: I reached out to the OpenSSF slack to get additional eyes on this.

### SSRF attacks

https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41105
-> merged

### Phishing attacks

https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41115

Will: Currently a draft PR - mostly want to figure out how deeply to go into web auth... How much in this guide? Right now it's pretty light on webauthn... Also: we could talk about the challenges of using webauth right now ... right now webauthn / passkeys is the only strong defense against phishing ... but what's the state of support?  

Dan: see also https://lucumr.pocoo.org/2025/9/2/passkeys/ 

Will: good article - talks about the lock-in and portability issues...   We should figure out how we can talk about portability and vendor lock-in with webauthn... 

Will: you can never "see" a passkey. you're always reliant on mediating tools. IN terms of agency that's a problem.


### Other attacks?

- (Florian) We currently have a few attacks documented. What else do we need? Do we have the most important ones done? https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks

Florian: working on "attacks" are there other attacks we should write articles about?  I also noticed that OWASP top 10 2025 will be released this fall.. not sure the top 10. May be good timing to we have the top 10 for 2025 documented.  Now is the time to let us know this...

*we discuss how to prioritize attacks*

Aaron: protoype evolution and injection type attacks... are prevelant... We have to rely on trusted types eg. ... We also have some focus on isolation based attacks .. timing attacks.  For deomonstratable impact it's definitely injection based things... 

Will: on OS top 10, I looked at it... one thing I think is that they used a different taxonomy... "broken access control" e.g. - it's not a single attack. We're talking about "specific thing that can go wrong and how you can fix it".  Another thing I caution about is exhaustiveness.. how do we balance?

Aaron: other point - on the topic of scoping down ... we have this unique intersection including the work that w3c is doing... E.g. Authorization bypass is less important to focus on than XSS type attacks.. Problems that are because of the intersection with web platform architetcure.

### updating our own guide

Will: yes - the security guidelines doc is organized in terms of things you should do. However there are things like supply chain defenses and some others that could need more material.

