# SWAG Minutes - Mon 8 September 2025

Present: Florian Scholz, Aaron Shim, Will Bamberg

## Survey

Will: Checked with Ruth for legal on collecting emails, still waiting on response for that. Can also host only banner and host the form ourselves -- so nothing is on MDN. If we want to do interviews, we (W3C?) need to still collect emails.

Still need test subjects.

Florian: Spoke to Ruth, there is now devrel on Firefox, they wanted to do a survey on just fetch and ramped up entirely on *social media*. They will let us know how it went.

Will: Is this a public survey that we can see? Interesting to see if they are collecting profile data for responders? 

Florian: State of HTML survey just closed or about to close, 6k respondents, fewer than before, does have some demographics that we can see. Diversity numbers are hard. Can we do some outreach on social media? What accounts? OWD docs? Soverign Tech Agency? Some MDN accounts? How do we get responses different from our usual industry players accounts?
 
Aaron: Are there any other things we need to do right now to move this survey format along?

Florian: Can be a test subject.

Will: Florian might be too friendly but we can try this week.

Florian: Or someone else at OWD

Aaron: Maybe ask Angular DevRel whether there are devs that they ask questions / surveys / interviews.

Will: Still at the point where we are refining the survey questions rather than finding subjects. This is still hard because we aren't quite sure of the process.

Florian: This is because we are still learning the process as we are going along-- other surveys in the space are also still struggling to get responses. We also don't know what the process for the interviews are.

Aaron: Survey or interview?

Will: Still not 100% set on which format-- whole survey, whole interview, or a short survey screener + followup interview. Maybe leaning towards a whole interview?

Florian: Survey screener helps set the tone for the survey and helps find cool people-- but could also bias them a bit, so keep that in mind

Will: Maybe demographics at least plus some base questions should be a part of the short survey for the screener. So maybe the test subject should do survey+interview? Looks like we are leaning towards hybrid option.

### TODO

- [ ] (aaron) Definitely ask Simone about emails
- [ ] (florian) Reach out to FF devrel for survey results / progress
  - [ ] Find and see not only content and/or process of Firefox quick survey? (For instance, are they looking for particular profile of responders?)
- [ ] (florian) Check State of HTML survey results at EOW
  - [ ] Get a sense for demographic questions / data
  - [ ] Check security-facing questions

## Supply Chain Attacks

Will: Drafted a document, here's a [PR](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41034) -- happy to get expert reviews as well!

## Credentials API

Florian: Looking into this and seeing what documentation to expand -- physical credentials looks to be interesting

Will: Is this a standard? Shipping but not standard... Still [open review](https://github.com/w3ctag/design-reviews/issues/1119) for TAG, maybe a little early to ship in multiple browsers?

Florian: To discuss with Dan