# SWAG Miunutes - Mon 27 

Present: Dan, Simon, Simone, lola, Will

## [PR on the guidelines doc](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/pull/8)

Will: filed this - at the moment it's written like a list - and each is a list item. I think that won't scale well. This is mostly a formatting change. 

**MERGED**

## CSP addition & other

Will: will work more on CSP... there is an open issue - should we recommend strict CSP ? I'll close that issue with this addition...

Will: some guidelines on authentication -- feels like a category.  Big-scale thing.  Other: secure cookie settings (what cookie attributes to set); 

Dan: partitioned cookies is another area... where we really need to provide guidance.

Lola: on MDN there is info on securing storage access API.. should we say something about that as well?

Dan: link off to detailed info...

Will: on storage access.. a lot of web APIs have rules... e.g. secure contexts... these aren't such a problem because as a developer you can't cause problems ... 

*some discussion on level of detail...*

Will: e.g. on CSP we want basic guidelines - use CSP, use stict CSP and here <link> are the details on that...

Simon: cors and coep and cross origin opener policy... an especially unpleasant situation where many of the things people want to do won't work in practice.

Will: yes we should have a guideline ... also on that topic we should have 

Will: other things: sanitizers, output encoding, etc...

## Videos

*we will try to get the videos out starting this week*

