# SWAG CG Minutes - Mon 13 January 2025

Present: Dan, Lola, Will, Aaron
Regrets: Simone

## Videos

*... in progress, Simone to update ...*

## Categories for Guidelines

Will: reviewed the security doc over the weekend and had some qeuesitons... 

> I've been looking at https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/blob/main/docs/security_guidelines.md and wondering what are good categories to have. The doc currently has "General recommendations", "Front end" and "Back end". Some of them seem strange to me: like I would expect "Back end" to be about server-side implementation, and some are (like validating requests to avoid SSRF) but some are more what I'd think of as "operational" (e.g. enforcing PR review or monitoring for vulnerabilities).
And some that are listed as "Front end" seem questionable to me, like "Prevent injection attacks by validating and sanitizing user inputs" - I don't think this can be confined to the front end.
Some practices, such as output encoding/using a good template library, might be front end or back end depending on your architecture.
I wonder if there are really two categories:
> - "**Security features**" (things you might need your site to implement), like HTTPS, CSP, input sanitization
> - "**Security practices**" (practices your team needs to follow), like PR review, MFA for devs, monitoring vulnerabilities.

Will: ... whether these are good categories and whether the categories have the right things in them...  and things we might want to have on the list.  Some things are not clearly front end or back end... E.g. XSS mitigations... 

Dan: happy with that.

Aaron: I think the front end/back end is traditionally a distinction people care about but is this still in fashion?  We should use the actual language people use.

Dan: open SSF is coming from a cloud background so their self-identification might be different

Lola: 2 - first thing is  - another approach of categorizing based on what part of the web architecture you want to secure... client / server ... reasoning I have is that if I'm a web developer and I'm searching for good security practices ... another thing - you mentioned you have a security practice and - is the implementation the same depending on where in the architecture it is... 

Will: from what I know - what you're doing is the same but the tools are slightly different. e.g. using something like react vs. something like django.  

Lola: a combination of the two would be my preference. Having it as features and practices is too general but similar issue with front end/ back end... I do think it's context specific... there should be an easy way to distinguish what comes out of the box vs. what I need to write code form.

Will: makes sense. Will: is client/server a synonym for front-end/back end?

Dan: In privacy docs we had labels, could do this for security too?

Aaron: with server-side rendering with angular / etc... client-side vs. server-side gets more fuzzy...  

*we discuss the nuance between code that will be executed on the client (whcih may be initially generated on a server) vs. code that executes on the server to serve API requests*

Lola: I'm still seeing that distinction of front end / back end engineers... 

Will: MDN traditionlally says "MDN is just about front end" - it's less the case... on the other side there are a lot of client side frameworks... 

Dan: maybe "configuration management" is a third category?

Aaron: I think the *tag* system would help with that... we could attach both tags...

Will: Happy to try this approach...

Aaron: Tags could overlap... aligned with how developers see themselves... *front end* / *back end* / *dev ops* ...

### authentication

Will: we need something with authentication... does it fit into a taxonomy....

Will: feels like it's its own category .. because it fits together 

Will: I will add authetication features.

### other... 

Will: secure cookie settings.  trusted types we should have in here... using templating engines... sort of touched on here but could go into more detail... something about CSRF ... 

Lola: do we want to say anything AI and the web here?  People use AI generated code on the web ... especially as they copy & paste code they don't understand ... AI is a kind of a black box ... should we have a note "be careful when copying code from AI"... common possible issues that generated code might have. 

Dan: I like this but... want it to be actionable.

Will: the action could be "enforce PR review" and even say "especially if code is generated by AI"

Lola: agree... also: if we put this under PR reviewing... assumes that everyone is creating in a community ... some developers are independent... 

Dan: we could encourage developers to use a code analysis like dependabot...

Aaron: https://w3c.github.io/webappsec/mitigation-guidance/ brain dump ... CSRF protections et.c..  because it's published undwe W3C banner... a quick blurb about each of these features... Having some of these materials referenced or distilled somewhere else would be good....

Lola: good idea - like WPT and webdx... 

Aaron: other big - could we take over the stewardship of this from webappsec... 

Will: I've seen it ... I  see everything through prism of MDN.. I see this as something that can be reflected on MDN...

Lola: for a different project, in the a11y space, I was trying to manage data between MDN and w3c... but if content moves from w3c to MDN, licensing issues come up. Also: as best as possible, if there is one source of data - one place to update - it's better. It's a good idea for MDN to have the content ... 

### Libraries....

Aaron: working on a PR...  CSP and Trusted types...  More sanitary coding practices... writring code safealy...
