# SWAG Call Minutes - 12 Jan 2026

Present: Dan, Florian, Simone, Will

## Passkeys Article by Will

http://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42338
 
Simone: Passkeys going to CR imminently.. 
 
*discussion of concerns about passkeys ...*
 
Will: not technical - more political. Large companies want us to start using passkeys... but user trust is lacking - so that's a barrier to passkey adoption... There is marketing around passkeys... Will be difficult for passkeys to be successful for those reasons.

Dan: Agree...

*discussion of complexity and other issues with passkeys...*

Florian: passkeys being pushed on paypal... but everyone is being [innundated] with cookie banners, etc... yet another banner is annoying... Maybe the browser UI would have more authority. So agree with Will... And when you adopt a passkey what happens to your password as a fallback? 

Simone: we should focus on the problem - problem is passwords - also the threat is that if a web site gets comprimised your web password can be compromised and people use the same password. For in this framing, passkeys make sense... ... people also don't know exactly what is a passkey... whereas a password is easy to understand.  It's complex, technical, political... 

Dan: do we need more gudiance on how to guide the user? 

Florian: I think the migrating from passwords is an amazing section... but you can either back them up or manual backup... and creating multiple passkeys... 

Will: I do think it would be good to talk in more detail about the UX side of thing - but not sure it's in scope for this article, which is already quite long... It does say "here's how you should present it to users"... Make it visible to users what they have... But doesn't go into that much detail - here are what your flows should look like.

Dan: Ok agreed.

Will: I get it - there's value to that kind of stuff - or to link to it if it exists elsewhere. E.g. I do link to web.dev articles... 

*discussion of some edge cases around passkeys...*

Simone: one of the things found .. huge hole in the authentication piece... 

Will: passwords are kind of tangible.  It's a string you can write down.  Passkeys are not like that. They are an abstraction living in the brains of a computer. There's no way to get it if the computer says "no." Passkesy are less human oriented than passwords...

*discussion on the credentials recovery problem*

Dan: *some services are so high security e.g. a bank - that you don't want to have an easy recovery if lost*

Will: We need more subject matter expertise review on this PR... I would like to merge anyway if we don't have additional SME review, but looking for this kind of review.  Someone from Microsoft might review it as well. Ideally we get more expert review.

*Simone do do a read-through*

Will: what is the difference between a web auth key credential and a passkey? There is no "spec" for passkeys. In some places I'm sort of guessing. 

Dan: who owns the term passkey?

Simone: Fido probably...  in my review on web authentication... we have multiple ways to access the passkeys (e.g. mobile apps)... https://fidoalliance.org/specs/common-specs/fido-security-ref-v2.1-rd-20210525.html helps to understand... 

Will: the specs .. allow you to create non-resident keys - not allowed to be passkeys. Key material lives in the client. If your authenticator has limited storage capacity you can store many keys... but these non-resident keys are not passkeys.

Simone: the part where you can choose... is in web auth ... they are separated but strongly tied...

Will: if someone points me to the passkeys spec then I will include it in this article.

*Simone will find out*

## Making a CG report

Simone: move it to bikeshed or respec... and then ... 

Florian: web sustainability guidelines [are a good template]: https://www.w3.org/TR/web-sustainability-guidelines/ 

Will: we should takea look at the guidelines... and see if more stuff ...

## ETSI draft

(Florian) https://docbox.etsi.org/CYBER/CYBER/Open/EN-304-617_V0.1.0_2025-12-23_Browsers_Mature-draft.pdf

(Florian) Anything useful in here for us?

## Threat Modeling

(Simone) First ED published https://w3c.github.io/threat-modeling-guide/
