# SWAG minutes - Mon, 9 February 2026

Present: Dan, Simone, Florian, Will, Kumar Pudashine

## ETSI Draft Discussion

- Dan talked to Dan E. and Madalin after FOSDEM.
- Feedback: the draft is too long and not implementable, need less boilerplate, more reable language
- Separate out what the web platform does anyway vs. the things that web browsers should do that are unique to the CRA
- For example: security reviews of extensions, that is in the scope of what browsers need to do, but not what would need to be in a webplatform spec
- Need a better scope of this document, make it about unique elements of the browsers, like the UI, permission management, etc.
- Web application development security should be a separate document, encouraged to contribute this to SWAG.
- Dan tries to give feedback to ETSI but probably the current document is not so useful for discussions in SWAG
- W3C SING is a group that is also looking into this
- Some things like visual indicators are out of scope for W3C specs (e.g. Web NFC) but could be in scope in such a ETSI document
- Also pointed to W3C privacy priniciples that could be referenced and not defined again
- Maintenance of standards should also be a concern, so ideally more documents and W3C specs should be referenced rather than written over again.
- Working with Rigo so that W3C specs can be referenced
- Dan is happy to help coordinate but not enough bandwidth to give lots of feedback to the document
- Simone is working on giving (structural) feedback
- Also, mini apps and super apps, where there is a webview
- Simone: https://github.com/w3c/strategy/issues/503#issuecomment-3871711198

## Survey

- @107 responses
- conclude it and write up the results
- https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs/116012337795297730 was the toot that helped here
- We have someone who volunteered for an interview (Schepp)
- Lets close the survey so we can start the writing
- ACTION: Will to start drafting something.
- will go reach out to interviewees. Goal of 5 people to interview.

## Session management draft

- https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42908, would love some expert review
- Goal to merge this month
- Simone to reach out to WebAppSec and maybe SING contacts...
- Discussion on whether to cover device bound session credentials - and agreed it's not quite ready yet due to current implementation status.

## Privacy docs outline

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PqupzU-IbqZqOBoNa32KncrbnApxhMZY6WHYFRl2MQM/, any feedback?

- Needs an article: "What we talk about when we talk about Privacy"
- https://www.w3.org/TR/privacy-principles/ is carefully worded we should try to get that into the MDN docs
- And then how to make these principles concrete
- Will & Florian are in process of becoming IEs in the Privacy working group... Waiting for responses.
- Dan: Permissions? Permission requests often impact privacy
- Dan to take another in privacy principles to find more
- Encrypt all the things
- Handling user data, not for tracking but for legit use cases
- Dan: Primary use and secondary use of data. Gets a little bit into the UX of websites vs use of technical web APIs
- Will: I think that would still be in scope.
- Dan to review and provide more feedback...  Also we should get feedback from Nick Doty... 

## Misc

- Holiday next Monday 
- We all agree the IE process needs to be more transparent and simpler.
- Should members of horizontal groups have some special disposition to be invited in to other groups? Could be useful for things like documentation working group. Documentation might become a more official group.

## Introducing Kumar to SWAG

- https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/
- https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/tree/main/meetings
- We use Slack, GitHub and these weekly calls
