# SWAG Minutes - Mon, 2 February 2026

Present: Dan, Will, Florian, Aaron

## FOSDEM / CRA ETSI standard

- Daniel was at FOSDEM
- Feedback we heard: The document is way too long and complicated
- It can probably not help us in our quest to help web developers in how they can be compliant with the CRA
- Current understanding: Most websites don't fall under the CRA but we should still come up with our document about security best practices.
- Using the ETSI draft to augment our guidelines might not be a good use of our time
- Dan: Recordings:  https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/browser-and-web-platform/
- Speakers from all engines
- Go watch the talk on MathML! 
- Also, haven't watched this but seems relevant https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/TU7NNF-modern-security-features-web-apps/
- Will: Seems like all the stuff we've been writing about over the last year

## Threat Modelling

Florian: my article not ready... there has been a doc from w3c - https://w3c.github.io/threat-modeling-guide/.  Thinking about this not for spec authors, but for web developers. Thinking about doing an article for a simple web site.

## Survey

Dan: when do we close the survey and do some analysis ...

Will: 94 responses

Aaron: let's get to 100?

Will: last kind of push and see if we get to 100...

Dan: Keep the survey open for 2 weeks

Dan: the outcome should be a blog post -- with findings and some feedback... 

Will: some feedback I've received... wanting to go into the "why"... 

Florian: François originally wrote the response to the previous survey.. it would be nice to write something up similar. Charts. Key insights....

Will: tbh that it got 300 responses and was on front page of MDN... and our thing got 100... that isn't so bad.

## Authentication docs

Will: We have session management in review (https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42908), and after that the authentication docs work package is almost done, according to the outline...

Will: One possible outstanding page is one on attacks, which lists attacks which are specially relevant to authentication and links to the detailed pages for them, so people can get a sense of which attacks they need to care about. I'm not sure if this is necessary, and think it might be better to move on to something else for Feb, and come back to this if we have time.

Florian: something like this should sit in our SWAG guidelines doc...

Dan: yes

Florian: we shoudl look into what our (SWAG's) recommendations are when it comes to authentication methods.

## Privacy

Will: The next big item for STF is privacy, which is currently described as follows:

* Improve MDN’s documentation on privacy, by increasing documentation beyond browser-specific features.
* Research and document privacy technologies that are available to web developers but currently not well known or understood by practitioners.
* Work with experts to research, develop and validate a content outline.
* Perform initial analysis of the proposed documentation scope, including research into the privacy needs of the developer community and a review of existing documentation.
* Validate the resulting scope with privacy experts.
* Develop concrete practical guidance to help web developers protect their users.

Will: I've started a doc to start adding some concrete detail on the scope of it: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PqupzU-IbqZqOBoNa32KncrbnApxhMZY6WHYFRl2MQM/edit?tab=t.0 .
I also thought we could contact friendly people in the Privacy WG and essentially ask, what would you like web developers to understand about privacy?

Dan: https://www.w3.org/TR/privacy-principles/ - we should be looking to this doc for definitions and reinforcing web-site-specific principles. 

Florian: also https://mastodon.neat.computer/@privacyguides - we can go to them to get some feedback... Reviews...

Dan: This is an important document to look into, it is a W3C Statement

Dan: https://www.w3.org/TR/privacy-principles/#consent-principles 

Dan to get Will and Florian invited to the next W3C Privacy WG call to present the content outline and get conversations started about our STF work / Privacy docs on MDN.


