# SWAG minutes - Mon, 23 February 2026

Present: Dan, Florian, Will

## Survey report

Will wrote a report: https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/pull/40

Will: what we could see out of this is "what are the actions" for us?

Dan: can we prioritize work based on these results?

Will: Yes, hard to interpret this stuff but Fetch metadata seems like a plausible case where we have a lack of documentation. For Fetch metadata it seems to be about awareness. Unlike say Trusted Types which just landed in all browsers.

Dan: Is there any extra high-level tutorial type content missing here that could raise the numbers even higher for some of the other features?

Will: What would the scope be for a higher-level tutorial?

Dan: We have individual guides, but you still have to know what you are looking for in order to find these things.

Will: Sounds like a threat model! 

Dan: If we call it threat model, then that immediately creates a divide between developers and security people because this stuff is too abstract.

Will: Yes, I want a practical map: If I want comments on a blog, I need to care about XSS.

Florian: "how many people work on security" vs "delegate to specialists" is 77% working on it themselves - so that tells me we need to train those people up.  If we're looking at that number and believe it then those people need to get into a security mindset and adopt some of these tools and processes.

Will: worth saying here - that security documentation is a fit subject for "normal" web developers. It's not OK to put it in a separate space or for it to be written in security specific language. security docs should be accessible to generalist web developers...  

Will: Might change "future work" to "what we've learned"...

## Session management

Will's article: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42908

Will: I would like to merge this. I responded to Florian's comments... 

Dan: It looks good.


## Threat modeling for web developers

Florian's draft PR: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42980

Dan: Maybe we need a more higher-level article: "What we talk about when we talk about web security" (as a title)

Will: dan said he's concerned with intoducing the term threat modelling... I don't think the terminology is important - people can learn terms. The problem is initially getting into abstractions / acronyms... Very dry / non actionable stuff. It's fine to say "threat modelling" but - how attackers can attack you... what assets you have in your site that might be a target... etc...

Dan: wasn't advovcating for removing the term - just a more gentle intro.

Florian: the main security page on MDN has not yet received our attention... so that might be the right place...

Will: there is stuff we can talk about that is concrete - e.g. in supply chain secuirty we can talk about "using external javascript"... This is similar.

Florian: the way I've described it - e.g. frameworks - help you answer question "what can go wrong?"... This question is the hardest.  You can use these frameworks or you don't have to.  Tryng to give structure ... to that discussion....

Will: learning more of the concrete things .. help people to make own their journey there .. to the abstract concepts. 

Florian: *the four questions*

Will: you can ask specific questions "do you have any forms?" "Are you processing user data?" 

Florian: maybe a lot of threat models are private... people feel that publishing them is a security risk... Some of the ones I have seen have complex diagrams... I wanted to take a more light-weight approach.

Florian: there are a lot of what can go wrong lists.. The idea of threat modelling is to do it for your own site... 

Will: Another thing that could be helpful - a simplification - 3 different sorts of web sites: static (no input); classic web sites (database, server, templating language, etc...); complicated web applications (e.g. gmail). I wonder if looking at types is a good way to do it. Another type is SPA. Different archtypes have different vulnerabilities... (Channeling Tess's article.)

