# SWAG minutes - Mon, 2nd March 2026

Present: Florian, Simone, Will
Regrets: Dan

## Survey report

Report lives here now: https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/blob/main/surveys/web-security-survey-2025.md

From Dan: Published as a blog post?

Simone: There is an ask if we can have in a format more similar to a Community Report

Simone: Expand the second paragraph for explaining the context of the survey

Simone: need a separate repository for the CG report. I can set it up and can do the bikshedization. Simone to check with Ian on where the repo should be.

Will: We had one person who reached out to Dan about getting interviewed. So, Dan should get this person in touch with Will. Would be a good test for how to interview a web developer.

Simone: I also have a friend who can be used for testing.

Florian: Do you need someone to take notes?

Will: I think I will record it, take notes, and check with the person if it is an accurate representation of the record. We can delete the recording afterwards.

Simone: Ask them for permission to be quoted. Attributed or not attributed.

Will: Happy to have more persons but not needed.

## Session Management article

Published on MDN!
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Authentication/Session_management

Please share: https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs/116138038361310648

Concludes our work on Auth.

Will: Some feedback from Jeffrey. Not sure how to talk about this yet. Maybe a whole separate page about "how to represent users in your website" ?

Will: I don't see an obvious place where to talk about this yet. Not a fit in session management and not in the auth articles.

Florian: we touched on this a bit in the passkeys article but this is really a server side story.

Simone: The key question here is the identifier, like the primary identifier in a DB, often the email. 

Will: Jeffrey says to not use the email basically. The identifier should be opaque.

Simone: In the old days there was a username. Also you can have several email addresses. The websites need the email to contact you. Passkeys remove some of this friction.

Florian: We will probably defer this topic for now.

Will: I could at least file an issue about it.

Simone: See also https://www.w3.org/reports/identity-web-impact/#terminology

Will: Especially about the sample DB schema: A lot of this might be taken care of by a framework, which we don't talk about, like Django. Maybe we should? Maybe not? How often do web developers design their own DB model for authenticating users?

Will: So this could also be documented in the context of how frameworks do auth.

Simone: Many web developers delegate this to frameworks, so yes, agree that maybe only basic info is needed here.

## Threat modeling for web developers

Florian's draft PR: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42980

Anyone wants to give this a first review?

See discussions from previous SWAG call.

Florian joined the TM CG to present this there as well

Simone: Can provide a review and the next TM CG is on March 10

## ETSI CRA feedback

https://labs.etsi.org/rep/stan4cra/en-304-617/-/issues/9

Simone: Three of us worked on some feedback. Suggested to rewrite.

Simone: CRA talks about updates, vuln handling, etc. and this draft is more about how to implement CSP etc.

Simone: Also received a comment from Vivaldi, take a look

Simone: Maybe focus more on updating the browser, e.g. in Electron.

Simone: Create a Threat Model for the CRA

Simone: Still time for feedback, so provide it

Will: Are the big manufacturer not looking into this?

Simone: Great question! It will impact lots of products

Simone: My feedback is mostly from an SDO point of view.

Will: The scope section is really unclear.

Will: This is presented as being the guidelines for being compliant with the CRA. But the big manufacturers are not looking into it?

Simone: Seems like updates etc. are already done by the big manufacturers

(more CRA and scope discussion)

## Misc

Florian and Dan will be at FOSS Backstage in Berlin in two weeks: https://26.foss-backstage.de/schedule/