# SWAG Minutes - Mon, 26 January 2026

Present: Dan, Will, Florian, Simone
Guests: Daniel Ehrenberg, Daniel Thompson-Yveton

(short round of intros)

Florian and Will: Working on https://openwebdocs.org/content/posts/stf-investment-2025/

Daniel Ehrenberg: have worked in TC39... JavaScript specs.. now working on the ETSI browser project; 

Daniel Thompston-Yvetot: working on ETSI browser security standards... Open Source guy & author, care about secure software.

Daniel Appelquist explains the W3C SWAG CG: Born out of https://www.w3.org/2023/03/secure-the-web-forward/

Daniel Appelquist reports our work back to OpenSSF guidelines. https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers

Goal: helpful information for web developers to navigate the security field

## ETSI Browser Security Document and Deep Dive Session

ETSI doc: https://docbox.etsi.org/CYBER/CYBER/Open/EN-304-617_V0.1.0_2025-12-23_Browsers_Mature-draft.pdf

Daniel A: First q: What are the implications for browser developers and for authors of web specifications. Second q: What are the implications for web developers, electron app authors, PWA etc?

Daniel A: Can you give us context on this ETSI standard?

Daniel TY:  The ETSI document is for … "presumption of conformity" for web developers...  if you're gonna place a piece of software on Eu market you have to prove that it's safe and securew. There is a list of criteria... also levels of importance... On browser manufacturers, this standard is "optional" - there are other patheways you can prove presumption of conformnance.. The important thing is this is optional. Chrome / Chroimium probably won't [use it]. Additionally, from an internal perspective [ETSI] ... other components such as password managers, VPNs, etc.. some of the work in this document finds similarities between these cross verticals...  How to read doc - Clause 1 is informantice. Clauses 2 and 3 are formal clauses... frameing the rest of the doc... 4, 5 and 6 are more important. 4 is supposed to be informantive. It explains how we understand them - including use cases. They serve as something like blueprints for manufacturers... Use cases are still up for discussion.  Industrial support (from browser makers) have been minimal.

Daniel E: stepping back... reviewing what CRA 

Daniel A: is the web (webapps, browsers) in scope? from web deveopers perspective also for open source or packaged software. e.g., (1) if I create a website for my consultancy agency, it will be or not in the scope of CRA? (2) A web application as a control system (domotics/ICS), it will be in scope at it is a part of a product?

DTY: Zero contributions from the browser community...

DTY: if a mobile app is a skin around a web app, yes. If it runs in a web browser, not in the scope and NOT as a PWA, no. If it is downlaoded from a store, yes.

Daniel A: question is defining a web security model. If you have a browser, you have also vulnerability handling requirements. browsers also implements the web security model. Now the scope is to establish a baseline, to have documentation about that.CRA Annex 1: https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=OJ:L_202402847#anx_I is good here.

Simone: If I have tools with a web interface, is this interface in scope of CRA? Industrial thuings

Daniel E: If it is core the functionality of the product, it is in scope.

Daniel A: Say you have a flight app with an in-app seat picker. What about that? It is providing the same UX as a native app.

Daniel TY: Websites are usally considered a medium. Not a product. The browser is the sandbox for all of this. There is a definition in clause 1 that makes a differentiation. It is important to consider first and third party content. Navigating/Using first party content as part of a product and not browsing the entire internet

DYT: PWA is not an individual product under the CRA. It is seen more like a website tab

DYT: Browser extensions are a prodcut under the CRA, though.

Disclaimer: this is all very complicated. we are not here to give legal advice.

DE: Standalone browsers are required to be regulated with special care under the CRA. Other non-important products are not. There is a defintion of special products under the CRA.

DYT: The goal is not to make it hard to comply with the CRA. 

DE: Want to publish a year in advance, so October 2026, because the CRA applies a year later.

DE: Need to reference a document for the security model of the web

Simone: We have https://github.com/w3c/threat-model-web/blob/main/index.md and we are working on threat modeling

Which W3C group is a good group to tackle the web's security model? TAG? webapp-sec? 

Simone: the security-ig is currently looking into threat modeling, probably the best group for this?

DE: CRA is a product standard not a process standard

DE: We really need more guidance on how this all affects web developers. It is not about legal advice really.

DE: Maybe wait until the European Commission has published legal guidance, it will clarify open questions, and maybe some ambiguity is by design.

DE: Talk to OpenSSF CRA experts 

DYT: Offers his book to us.

DA: Thank you both for joing us today. There is a lot of ground to cover here and this has been a helpful start to dive into the CRA. Lets make sure we all keep talking and plug in the W3C and browser vendors.

DE: You can file issues against the draft. There is an online workshop tomorrow and there is a session at FOSDEM. 

DE: Would love any feedback on the docs, also from tech writers. Can join as open source members


## Recommendation on Passkeys

> Passkeys are the most secure authentication method available to websites.
We recommend that sites should adopt passkeys as their preferred authentication method,
and phase out the use of passwords

(https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42338)


## Session mgt guide on MDN

draft PR -> https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42908
