# SWAG Minutes - Mon, 19 January 2026

Present: Dan, Florian, Simone, Will

## The ETSI draft and consultation

Scope: Are PWAs in scope? What about Isolated Web Apps (IWA)?

Dan: Are browser vendors involved in the development of this spec?

Dan: Seems like Electron apps are also in scope?

Dan: Is my wordpress blog in scope for the CRA?

Dan: What is the conformance regime for this? CRA is EU regulation, ETSI is an org producing standards. Do browsers follow this ETSI draft? Would they therefore be seen compliant to the CRA? What compells them to do so? Especially if they aren't based in Europe?

Dan: The regulation may apply but is it that you have to follow the ETSI draft? Who are they expecting to follow this?

Action: Dan to check with Simone and attend the ETSI webinar this week. Also coordinate with W3C AB.

Dan: Daniel can't make it today, rescheduled to next week.

Dan: We have a doc on CRA and regulations and so far we say you don't need to worry about CRA. CRA only applies to products with digital elements. My currrent view is that a regular website would not be covered by the CRA, but if you are part of a product, like a connected thermostat, then the CRA applies. This is our current guidance. However, if it turns out that way more web developers need to be concerned about CRA, then we need to look into this as part of SWAG and on MDN, so that web developer know what to do for CRA compliance.

Simone: I'm talking with Rigo, and he said that this includes PWA, but limited to CRA security certification. Webmaster? Absolutely

Dan: Under the CRA, I'm a manufacturer, like I'm mastodon, but it is an open source project, so it is not "on the market"?

## Passkeys

Dan: Will did you get SME review?

Will: Yes, got a review from Simone. Thank you!

Simone: Only main thing was a MUST should be SHOULD. It is a good document!

Will: I will take a look. Would love if there was an actual spec for passkeys.

Simone: We just published a TR (for WebAuthn?)

Will: Passkeys don't usually use attestations, most passkeys dont support it.

Simone: Enterprises and larger companies, government IDs are doing this and trying to come up with a spec

Dan: What the timeline for the passkeys article?

Will: Will take a look at Simone's comments this week, could be merged by the end of the month.


## Threat Modelling

Florian: I attended the TPAC session... I started looking into it. I'm drafting an MDN page on threat modelling - threat modeling for the web site - what a web developer would need to know about threat modelling. Scenarios... etc.. 

Simone: Tomorrow we will have the first [draft for a threat modeling guide](https://w3c.github.io/threat-modeling-guide/)... including for web apps... Pet shop example is [a classic]. 

Florian: The blog articles I've found ... are very dry ... a lot of theory. What I'm trying to do is to make it practical. 

Simone: the first thing is to have a diagram... then we can discuss next week.

Florian: https://w3c.github.io/threat-modeling-guide/#appendix-1-minimalist-threat-model-for-the-world-wide-web

Florian: the other thing I found was https://github.com/w3c/threat-model-web/blob/main/index.md - quite interesting.

Simone: an abstraction layer... iframes.. browser ... 

Florian: threat modelling .. is always about scoping it at a certain scope and assuming that other parts are secure.  

Dan: [gives example of payment where you get passed between different parties and each is in a subsequent iframe...]

Florian: data flows are in scope... makes sense to look into frameworks as well.

*also discussing using threat modelling approach for Human Rights*

## Session Management

Will: One comment aasked about device-bound session credentials.... It's a spec - it's in webappsec. https://w3c.github.io/webappsec-dbsc/ But don't know about implementation status. Might still be an origin trial. No BCD on it. Nothing anwyhere on MDN.  I can mention it as a future thing but probablu can't talk about it...

Florian: https://chromestatus.com/feature/5140168270413824 <-- shipping in Beta.
