# SWAG Minutes - Mon, 23 March 2026

Present: Dan, Florian, Aaron

Regrets: Simone

## Draft Community Group Report

Florian will have a PR sometime this week for a CG report. The idea is that the markdown file (for our main "guidelines" doc) that we currently have becomes a more formal community report in W3C document style... That gives it a more linkable, more permanent home.   We can then add some more stuff for example, for passkeys, passwords, threat modelling, etc... 

## Survey and published results

Aaron: thanks for that - did we find anything super surprising?

Florian: we were supprised to see not so much adoption on fetch metadata - so we are working on a guide for fetch metadata... Adoption is low. That was a direct consequnece.  The other think thta was good to see validated - 77% said they are responsible for securitng the projects themselves (as generalists). Therefore our efforts seem validated, since our guides are aimed at generalists.  Trying to write a guide on threat modelling - which is aimed at general web developers.

Dan: I will also be presenting this at [Open Source Security Summit NA](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openssf-community-day-north-america/program/schedule/) in May of this year... 

## Threat modeling

Florian: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42980 PR got review by from Simone... Looking for feedback / expert review.  Also I have joined the threat modelling community group... Meeting tomorrow.  Estelle will also be working on this... a threat model for the cycle tracker sample PWA on MDN... 

## AI generating a lot of web app code...

Aaron: if end developer is responsible ... then their coding agent will be responsible.  How can we educate the tools they are using.... 

Aaron: ... creating versions of documents that are giant text files for LLMs to consume... but best type of wrappers for these... e.g. MCP servers ... but these go out of fashion fairly quickly these days... Do we have the budget / stamina to continuingly re-write... I was wondering - is there a centralized strategy at MDN or OWD on this?

Florian: currently - we think it's great that we have human-authored content on MDN is good - not allowing AI-generated PRs ... is good. The classical MDN reference pages are one thing, but for our guides we are taking an opinion, so not sure how that makes its way into LLMs... 

Aaron: with MCP wrappers, that's an opt-in systen... that means we have to push these to people who are using various agents... Another approach is to publish our tooling in a form that's digestible. We can also see how people are connecting documentation to their agent workflows... What is the in-fashion methodology... 

Dan: At FOSS Backstage we just learned about how AI tools halucinate wrong licences https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvuiSgXfqc4. Is there anything that mitigate this? The legal side?

Aaron: no idea.

Florian: what I found interesting - they look at the generated code bases.. and found out where it came from. If you change the source... the next version of the AI tool would get the new version (paraphrased version). I was wondering - if we let an AI code generate code bases and we see certain security practices, could we find out where this comes from...  But so far we haven't written optimized content for robots...

Dan: agree the strategy of "writing good docs" remains a good one... just a matter of how to package those...

Aaron: is there anything immediately actionable on our end?   other sources ? e.g. 

Dan: collect documents that have gone through w3c process that are web developer facing .. e.g. privacy principles, swag document, etc...  And put them in one place?

Florian: if you say "use CSP strict" (e.g.) .. as a more precise prompt when you're working with a coding agents.  Writing better prompts...  If you know about your world and the threats around it then you can prompt accordingly...

Aaron: "here's some prompts to add to your coding agent" to avoid web app security pitfalls..   A lot of these agents if you tell them not to do something and do something else... 

Dan: we could say in the guidelines doc "use this prompt for this guideline"...

Florian: we could also give advice about how not to trust code agents blindly...  I would like to be the observer "what people usually prompt..."

